<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015-2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/"/>
		<title>Yst Domain &lt;https://y.st./en/&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/index.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Yst Domain</h1>
			<p>Alexand(er|ra) Yst&apos;s home on the Internet</p>
		</header>
<h2><abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate update</h2>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been evicted from Opal&apos;s server.
	For now, this website is now on GitHub&apos;s server.
	That means that I can&apos;t control the <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate, due to the way GitHub&apos;s hosting operates.
	Furthermore, GitHub&apos;s certificate doesn&apos;t match the host name of this website.
	That means that there is necessarily a certificate mismatch here.
	Even if GitHub allowed the use of custom certificates though ...
</p>
<p>
	StartCom is closing down.
	With no other viable gratis certificate authority as far as I know, I would have to go back to using self-signed certificates soon.
	There does not seem to be a viable way for me to keep the website running on my budget and still avoid <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate errors.
	A certificate mismatch warning doesn&apos;t look any scarier in a Web browser than a self-signed certificate warning, so there&apos;s really no reason for me to even bother looking for a solution to the GitHub certificate issue for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	I can&apos;t say GitHub is one of my Git hosts of choice or anything, but their website hosting made moving away from Opal&apos;s place quick and easy.
	I&apos;m open to other ideas (no dependencies on individual persons, please), but this seems like the best option until I have time to look into getting a <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr>.
	With a <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr> rented, I should be able to host more than just my website; I should have the clearnet entrance to my tiny <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network back, as well as (once I have time to set it up) a Minetest server.
	For security reasons, I can&apos;t get the onion address back up on a <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr> (hosting on hardware you don&apos;t control should be considered insecure, so I can&apos;t risk my onion keys being jacked by the hosting provider), but connecting to the network from <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes will be allowed.
	(Even if I had the onion address working, connecting over the clearnet from <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes would be allowed; after all, I&apos;m not a monster.)
</p>
<h2>Redaction</h2>
<p>
	My school has requested that I remove my coursework submissions from this website.
	I have done as requested, and in addition, have removed any unnecessary references to the school itself.
	Vague mentions such as &quot;in class, we studied {X}&quot; references remain intact, but unnecessary specification of which school I even attend have been corrected.
	What school I attend is still no secret though, and can be found on any of the multitude of take-down notice pages that have replaced pages previously containing coursework submissions.
	Hopefully the school will be satisfied by this level of redaction.
</p>
<p>
	According to the school&apos;s policy, the coursework archive can go live again two calendar years after my final term here.
	If everything goes according to plan, I&apos;ll graduate mid-2020, meaning the archive can and will go live again on 2023-01-01.
	As of last website update, that&apos;ll be in 1696 days.
	That&apos;s right: we even have an automated countdown for the event!
	I can&apos;t predict what my normal update schedule will be at that time, but I&apos;ll likely throw in a special update on that day just to reopen the archive and present new things that will have been literally waiting years to be released.
</p>
<h2>Canary update schedule</h2>
<p>
	I used to try to update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> daily, but I have too much on my plate to make that feasible.
	During busy periods, I&apos;m now updating once each week on Wednesdays.
	During slower periods, I&apos;m resting a bit and not updating the canary at all.
	Just before my break periods, my canary chirp will be delayed by one day, falling instead on a Thursday.
	Don&apos;t be alarmed if a scheduled update is missed, there are reasons this might happen.
	However, if the canary doesn&apos;t chirp in over a month, something is definitely wrong.
	(Though unlikely, the &quot;something wrong&quot; might be as minor as a technical error.)
	Currently, the predicted canary update schedule is as follows:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-04-18
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-04-25
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-05-02
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-05-09
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-05-16
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-05-23
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-05-30
	</li>
	<li>
		Thursday, 2018-06-07
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-06-27
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-07-04
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-07-11
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-07-18
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-07-25
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-08-01
	</li>
	<li>
		Wednesday, 2018-08-08
	</li>
	<li>
		Thursday, 2018-08-16
	</li>
	<li>
		...
	</li>
	<li>
		Sunday, 2023-01-01
	</li>
</ul>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015-2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2F"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2F"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

