<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m falling for it again: creating a PayPal account will bring nothing but trouble &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m falling for it again: creating a PayPal account will bring nothing but trouble</h1>
			<p>Day 00125: Friday, 2015 July 10</p>
		</header>
<p>
	PayPal got back to me today, saying that if I had a PayPal business account, I could set the account up in the name of my website, and that name would be used when processing payments.
	Having a PayPal account was an insufferable experience last time, but if it goes as poorly this tame as it did last time, at least I am better equipped to deal with it now.
	Previously, I had a singular main email address, and when PayPal locked it to my account, I didn&apos;t have a reasonable way to make accountless payments through them to merchants that don&apos;t offer a second payment option, such as Bandcamp.
	Now that I have more email addresses than I will ever use and now that I know that PayPal is an irritating pain in the neck to deal with, all I need to do is use a different email address from my main PayPal email address that I use for accountless payments.
	I still do not like the idea of sending PayPal any extra information about myself, as I will no doubt have to do if I register an account, but on the flip side, being an account holder may cause them to not write me off as badly, especially if I comply with their nosey demands.
	It&apos;s unlikely, but perhaps I can hassle them to the point where they actually fix their bloody system.
</p>
<p>
	However, this will not be happening today.
	The business account registration form asks for two things I don&apos;t have: a legal business name and a business telephone number.
	I don&apos;t have a telephone number at all, and legally speaking, I don&apos;t have a business and therefor don&apos;t have a legal business name.
	I have written explaining both issues, so we&apos;ll see what comes of it.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been dropping by the Devote 30 store every so often, trying to get ahold of the guy that told me that he might be able to sell me a Red Pocket Mobile tablet plan.
	He said that he would shoot me an email once he found out for sure if he could, but that email never came.
	I tried talking to another representative there, but he didn&apos;t seem to be in the loop about it.
	Today, I caught the guy I wanted to talk to and asked him about it.
	He said he could do it, but he cannot keep the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards in stock.
	Unlike the smartphone <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards, he has to order them as requested.
	As an experiment, I said I wanted to buy the plan.
	I know the plan is no longer available, but I wanted to see what the system would say on their end.
	Instead of punching it into his computer as I thought he would, he placed the order over the telephone, and it seemed to go through successfully.
	I suppose now I wait and see what happens.
	He said he would send me an email when it came in, but that didn&apos;t happen last time.
	I will probably drop by in a week&apos;s time and check in person.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve decided that in order to make eating out easier for myself, I&apos;m going to research the foods offered at local restaurants and make a list of edible and non-edible menu items.
	I&apos;ll start with fast food joints, as I eat more fast food than I do food at fancier restaurants.
	You would think that a listing of options at restaurants from <abbr title="People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals">PETA</abbr> would be vegan, but their list admits including dairy items.
	While I disagree with <abbr title="People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals">PETA</abbr>&apos;s motives, the work they put into achieving their goal is often useful to any vegan, no mater what reason said vegan may have.
	The lists at <a href="http://munchyymenus.com/vegan-fast-food-restaurants/">Munchyy Menus</a> seem to be more accurate if you browse the vegan section, but they don&apos;t include some of my local restaurants.
	My lists won&apos;t be complete either, as they will really only contain restaurants that are relevant to me.
	I&apos;m not sure a complete list is out there.
	Besides, making my own lists will allow me the chance to look over the ingredients and make decisions myself.
	The list at <a href="https://www.veganpeace.com/ingredients/ingredients.htm">Vegan Peace</a> should be valuable for figuring out which ingredients are vegan and not.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

