<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>PayPal is being over-controlling as usual &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>PayPal is being over-controlling as usual</h1>
			<p>Day 00129: <time>Tuesday, 2015 July 14</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today was mainly a day of catchup.
	After returning home from work, I sat down and wrote up my weblog entries for the past three days without any notes.
	I worked from memory and wrote what happened as best I could recall.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that PayPal is being a pain in the rear as usual.
	They said that unless I have a registered business, and therefor a legal business name, I cannot register a PayPal business account.
	However, they had been the ones to suggest the business account to me in the first place.
	Additionally, it seems that the business name, not the website, would be used as the name of the donor.
	This is not at all what I asked how to do.
	There&apos;s no reason that I shouldn&apos;t be able to donate under whatever name I choose.
	PayPal is just being over-controlling as usual.
</p>
<p>
	I became vegan not long before I got this site up and running, so I haven&apos;t been vegan very long.
	At first, everything was so much better.
	Emotionally and physically, I felt better than I ever had.
	However, my muscles are now showing signs of weakness and it&apos;s scaring me a bit.
	I read somewhere that going vegan would eventually lead to muscle loss unless you do it right, though I didn&apos;t look into what needed to be done right away as the article was discussing what needed to be added to one&apos;s diet to get one&apos;s muscles back, meaning that it wasn&apos;t a permanent loss and could be reversed.
	The article mentioned &quot;building vegan muscle&quot;, so I tried searching the Web for &quot;vegan muscle&quot;.
	Nothing about my current situation turned up.
	The only information I could find was on body-building websites.
	They said that us &quot;plat-based eaters&quot; needed plat-based protein shakes and that diet is more important than exercise for building muscle.
	The protein shake recipe I saw included protein powder, but all the protein powder I could see at the market was expensive and all the labels I checked said the products contained were milk-based.
	I am hoping that a lack of protein is the only problem.
	I will try to get more protein in my diet, though protein shakes are not an option at the moment.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

