<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>I feel sick &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I feel sick</h1>
			<p>Day 00130: Wednesday, 2015 July 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today&apos;s events have become muddled in my head due to heavy vibrations scrambling my brain near the end of the day.
	Expect inaccuracies and a lack of completeness in today&apos;s weblog entry.
</p>
<p>
	My mother bought tickets to a country fair, though not the one I went to a few days ago, for her mother and her brother.
	From what I gather, they both agreed to go.
	The tickets included seats at a musical performance that would be held at the fair by a band the two enjoy.
	However, both backed out at the last minute, so with the tickets already paid for, my mother invited me to go with her instead.
</p>
<p>
	On the way to the fair, we received word that my mother&apos;s brother had ended up having to go to the emergency room for his ongoing health issues.
	We decided to try to sell our tickets and go to see him in the hospital.
	After looking into the tickets further, we realized that they would not be easy to sell; it seems that the tickets without performance seats cost next to nothing and that without seats, you still get to hear the performance.
	After my mother&apos;s brother contacted us letting us know that he was doing better and was likely to be released soon, we decided not to waste the tickets and headed to the fair.
</p>
<p>
	The first stand we went to was about safety and preparedness.
	The community emergency response team there were offering inexpensive courses on being prepared for disaster, available on four different days, though being a non-driver, the reaching the location of the courses would be a challenge.
	At some point, if I have time, I should look into how to get prepared online.
</p>
<p>
	We passed by a stand claiming to tell you whether or not you are going to heaven based on the answers to two questions.
	No doubt the questions were something such as <q>Do you accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior?</q> and <q>Have you repented for your sins?</q>.
	I don&apos;t even believe in a heaven to go to though, so I guess my soul, if I even have one, is probably lost.
</p>
<p>
	We stopped by a stand mostly-selling hair accessories, but at least some of them were made from leather, making them unappealing.
	They also carried metal signs with amusing phrases such as <q>BEWARE OF WELL... JUST BEWARE</q>.
</p>
<p>
	Next in our path was the food court, but not much appeared to be edible.
	The only item that looked vegan was the snow cones.
</p>
<p>
	After that, we visited some livestock that were penned-up in a large building.
	The treatment of these creatures was mildly-disturbing.
	Don&apos;t get me wrong, I&apos;m no non-human animal lover, but once you no longer use animal products, things change a bit in your head.
	As an animal product user, you say to yourself that what is done is necessary.
	It may be bad, but there is no other way.
	But as a vegan seeing it, there was no real way to write it off.
	The pigs were shaved, which wasn&apos;t too bad, aside from the fact that there were razor cuts all over the pigs&apos; skin.
	If you&apos;re going to shave the pigs&apos;, could you at least avoid injuring them? The milk cows were incredibly bony.
	One&apos;s bones were sticking so far out of its body that it looked worse than one of those pictures they show you of starving people.
	Her utter was huge and vainy.
	It couldn&apos;t have been easy for her to stand under the weight with so little muscle on her body.
	The sheep and goats appeared to be doing relatively-okay, though some of the goats were being dragged through an obstacle course unwillingly.
	I suppose the obstacle course was harmless, but it also seemed pointless.
	Before leaving, we watched a group of steers get judged for fitness for market.
	It sounded like they were awarding them ribbons but had plans to slaughter them later.
</p>
<p>
	We found a storytelling blacksmith shop, but had missed the first show.
	We decided to catch the second show, which would occur later.
</p>
<p>
	Next came a large building full of cadged animals, though these ones seemed to be treated a lot better than the ones in the last building.
	They all looked healthy as far as I could tell and didn&apos;t seem upset.
	Some slept, some watched people looking at them, and some mostly ignored us.
	Rabbits and chickens of various breeds were the most common, but we also saw a lioness in a larger cage.
	She paced back and forth, seemingly wanting to get to the pair of turkeys that were being loud on the other side of the room.
	She is a predator, after all.
	After a while, her handler came to the edge of the page, and the lioness ran over and started rubbing against the cadge and the handler affectionately like a large hose cat.
	It was pretty clear that the lioness loved this woman and did not feel like she was being treated abusively.
	A sign on the cadge explained that this species of lion had formerly been believed to be extinct.
	They had been hunted to nonexistence in the wild, but some still lived on in &quot;private collections&quot;.
	Now, a program had been set up to try to breed them back out of the brink of extinction.
	Having so few specimens, I worry about inbreeding, but maybe lions don&apos;t have that issue.
	If I understand correctly, lion prides are composed of individuals all stemming from a single father.
	Only one male is allowed to breed with all the females when in the wild, until that male&apos;s position is usurped.
	But as the new male is a part of the pride, he is related to the father, and therefore related to all the females.
	Inbreeding might not be an issue for them.
</p>
<p>
	We went to the final area of the fair (save for the concert stage), a large building full of booths.
	Due to my brain getting scrambled later, I don&apos;t recall much that was there.
	One product that stood out though came from an anti-aging booth.
	This product supposedly prevents and reverses aging of the mind! I don&apos;t have the money to drop at the moment, but as I get older, it would be nice to not lose my mind.
	There was also a cable service provider that was trying to get my mother to switch our service over from our current provider.
	I wouldn&apos;t mind a switch, actually, as our current provider is one of the most evil cable providers here in the states.
	If we do switch, I may lose the website, as the new provider may not allow hosting of servers from home, but it would be worth it to keep a bit of money out of the pockets of Comcast.
	If the site goes down in the next week, it&apos;s probably because we switched over.
</p>
<p>
	Noticing the time, we found we were late to see the blacksmith storytelling show.
	We rushed out and caught the end of it, but we missed almost the whole thing.
	My mother has thought about setting a timer and I had thought about setting a calendar event with an alert, but neither of us followed through and it cost us.
	Next time, I will set a calendar alert if trying to catch something of interest.
</p>
<p>
	We went back to the booth building, but again, I don&apos;t recall much of what was there.
	I did get beckoned over by someone calling themselves a Gideon, a member of a group I&apos;ve never heard of.
	It turns out they are the people giving out all (or many of?) the tiny pocket bibles and have a goal of teaching people how to become Christian.
	Apparently, I look like the godless heathen that I am, and he wanted to save me.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly, we went out to the stage to see the show for which we had tickets.
	The speakers were way too loud.
	At first, it was bearable if I stuffed my earlobes into my ears, but that only lasted so long.
	It got worse and worse until I had to leave.
	I considered sitting through it anyway, but the fact is that the heavy vibrations were making me sick.
	I had a headache and nausea, and I had stayed longer than I should have.
	It turns out my mother had wanted to ask if I wanted to leave, but there was just no space between most of the loud songs in which to speak.
	She too was feeling the effects, though not as badly as I, and wanted to leave.
	My plan had been to move outside the chaired area to a spot way in the back where it might be bearable, but she instead wanted to take refuge in the booth building.
	It turns out that was the better choice.
	Once in the building, we could still hear the heavy booming of the band&apos;s base! I remained sick the rest of our stay, though I could hear perfectly fine once we got into the building.
	On the other hand, my mother seemed fine aside from the fact that she couldn&apos;t hear well for quite a while.
	After browsing the booths a bit more, we returned home.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

