<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>Tablet plan shopping &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Tablet plan shopping</h1>
			<p>Day 00132: Friday, 2015 July 17</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mobile has been out of service for a few days, so I thought now would be a good time to shop around again.
</p>
<p>
	First, I stopped by the Devote 30 store once more.
	Luckily for me, the correct representative was in, so I was able to get right to business.
	He hadn&apos;t heard about the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card coming in, so he called someone to check on it.
	It appears that Devote 30 is unable to get or activate these <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards either, which isn&apos;t too surprising.
	I had to cancel the order, but not before the representative tried to talk me into switching the order to a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card for a different company that would give me two gigabytes of data per month for $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
	If I wanted two gigabytes of data per month, I could get Straight Talk&apos;s four gigabyte/two month plan for $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> and save five dollars each month over the plan Devote 30 offered me.
</p>
<p>
	While I was in the area, I stopped at the MetroPCS store to see if they had opened up their tablet plans to bring-your-own device customers yet.
	This isn&apos;t the location I would normally go to, but I figured I was already here and I could ask at both locations in hopes that they would both express to their superiors that a potential customer wanted this.
	It turns out that one of the people at this location has already been pestering his superiors about this, and says he&apos;ll continue doing so in hopes that he won&apos;t have to turn me away again next month.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I stopped by the MetroPCS location that I normally drop in at, but I found that they have closed shop! It&apos;s a good thing I stopped at the other one, because this one won&apos;t be selling me anything any time soon.
	Having exhausted my options as I knew I likely would, I picked up a scratch card to renew my Straight Talk service.
	After using it a while, it certainly shows that it is bargain brand service, but for the price, I can&apos;t really complain too much.
	The only better deal I know of doesn&apos;t really work due to being exclusive to one device that doesn&apos;t meet my needs.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

