<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>Minetyst work continues &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Minetyst work continues</h1>
			<p>Day 00134: Sunday, 2015 July 19</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Most of my time today was spent carving up minetest_game&apos;s default module to create Minetyst&apos;s default module.
	I thought I had finished with default, and Minetyst is in a fairly usable state right now, so I uploaded the current version to the server and moved the spawn point in order to generate a new area that both looks better than the old spawn area and is closer to what Minetyst will really look like.
	While I was at work though, I got a few new ideas about how default should look in order to make it look more glitchy (default in Minetyst is designed to create rare glitch-looking biomes) and more thought out.
	The new ideas won&apos;t effect map generation though, so there&apos;s no need to work on this further tonight.
</p>
<p>
	After thinking that I had finished default, I spent a little bit of time planning the entrance for the massive tunnel that will be my main project in-game.
	In my last world, I had a pretty decent tunnel entrance, at least from a security standpoint.
	While I want my tunnel to be public, the fact is, other people can mess it up in various ways.
	My last tunnel was liquidproof, and with the kind of node protection I had at the time, fireproof.
	However, it wasn&apos;t really gravelproof.Someone could clog up the tunnel entrance by dropping sand or gravel from a higher area.
	Today, I developed a couple of new entrance strategies that, at least right now, appear to be completely protected.
	The first is implemented by placing four sideways stairs at the top of the tunnel in such a way that they form a one node wide hole, but off-center from where sand and gravel can fall.
	This keeps everything aside from players out, but has the nasty side effect that a player can only enter the tunnel, never exit due to gravity.
	The second method is better, and is what I plan to use.
	It involves placing four slabs turned sideways on the side of the tunnel, which would then protrude from the ground.
	The sideways slabs form a doorway wide enough for the players to fit through, but due to being off-center and the way liquid mechanics are implemented in Minetest, liquid cannot get through.
	Falling nodes such as sand and gravel also can&apos;t get through due to the doorway being on the side and not the top, and nothing flammable is anywhere in site to be burned.
	One disadvantage to both these methods is that they require use of a screwdriver to set up.
	Screwdrivers are made from steel and are worn with each use, and if you know me, you know that my main goal in Minetest is to hoard as much iron as I can find.
	I think the sacrifice is worth it for a decent tunnel entrance though, especially because I&apos;m working on implementing a way to make iron (as well as every other node) renewable.
</p>
<p>
	After settling on an entrance style, I began building a model of how the upper sections of my tunnel would look to see how feasible it would be to use that entryway style.
	It seems to work well, I just need to put a small balcony-like structure just inside the doorway leading to the stairs.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

