<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>I had to cut my Peace Chain &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I had to cut my Peace Chain</h1>
			<p>Day 00138: Thursday, 2015 July 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I think I&apos;m going to scrap all work on Minetyst <strong>*again*</strong>.
	This will probably be at least the fifth time I have done so, if you include all the times before Minetyst was called Minetyst.
	I think forking minetest_game just isn&apos;t the best idea for what I want to accomplish.
	It would save me a lot of time in some areas, but it is costing me a lot of time in others and just isn&apos;t getting me where I want to be anyway.
	I&apos;ll take the sound files from minetest_game just because they would be difficult for me to replace and because I don&apos;t think they are as likely as the images to get players to try talking me into &quot;updating Minetest&quot; thinking that my game is just minetest_game with added modules.
	Starting completely over as opposed to forking also allows me to start Minetyst as a small, manageable project and expand it as time allows.
	The way I see it, I&apos;ll only need six fairly small modules to start with: a debug module (used to enforce some basic coding standards during development), a stair library module (used to make defining stair nodes easy), the main module that defines basic nodes needed by the engine and little else (will require the stair library as the engine requires two types of stair node), a tool node library (defining nodes that function as tools <strong>*and*</strong> nodes is a pain without this library), a module that adds a few basic tools (using the tool library), and a module to add basic protection against vandalism.
	None of this should be overly hard to produce.
	With these, I could set up a very simple server and let the game evolve as it will.
</p>
<p>
	Unfortunately, I have given up on finding a reasonable Git host.
	Because the Minetest Forums allow linking to GitHub accounts in user profiles but not any other Git host accounts, and because I need my code to be available to my users, I will be putting my Minetyst-related work on GitHub once the main server goes live.
	If I find a reasonable Git host later, I&apos;ll simply move my work to the new host.
</p>
<p>
	The string of my Peace Chain became tangled around my neck and I couldn&apos;t get it off.
	I ended up having to cut it.
	Until I can find a new string somewhere, I&apos;ll have to put that away.
	Actually, come to think of it, we have extra strings lying around at work that we just throw away.
	I&apos;ll pick up one of those next time I get the chance.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

