<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>Moving to Coos Bay &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Moving to Coos Bay</h1>
			<p>Day 00139: Friday, 2015 July 24</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I decided to try setting up a new credit union account for a number of reasons.
	For one, that means I&apos;ll have more places to withdraw money from if I&apos;m out and about.
	For another, if something bad happens, all my berries aren&apos;t in one basket.
	But I think most of all, I wanted to do it as an experiment.
	When I opened my last account, I was a very different person with a very different set of beliefs.
	I wanted to know what it was like from my current perspective.
</p>
<p>
	When setting up an account, as expected, the representative requested a telephone number.
	I said I didn&apos;t have one, and she had to go talk to her boss.
	It seems that her boss told her to use my work telephone number, which is not a private line and I cannot be reached by it.
	She looked up my employer&apos;s number on the Web because I had said I would need to run across the street to pick the number up, and when she went to enter it, she saw I had a previous number according to the government.
	She asked me to verify it, so I gave her the last number I had used at my old credit union.
	It turns out that number wasn&apos;t a match.
	She read the number back to me and I think it might have been a number I had <strong>*only*</strong> given to my employer.
	My employer ratted me out to the government! Be careful what you tell your employer, they are probably required by law to act as spies and report employee information to the government.
	I should know this already, but seeing it in action here was a real wake up call and would have made the whole experience worth while, had it not been actually worthwhile already for the right reasons.
</p>
<p>
	This new credit union, First Tech Federal Credit Union seems to offer their services across the country, but unless you are a resident of my county, you must be employed by a major tech company to gain membership.
	How odd is that? They also claim to have the best security available compared to other credit unions, but I saw that the teller was using a Windows-based machine.
	They may be more secure than other credit unions as they claim, I wouldn&apos;t know, but they clearly are not doing everything they can to be secure.
	If they were, they wouldn&apos;t be using that security hole of an operating system.
</p>
<p>
	The credit union has a partially-self-help coin counter set up, though they charge a five percent fee for use by non-members.
	You pour your coins in on your own, but you have to take the receipt to a representative to actually get your money.
	Still, it&apos;s better than the setup at my other credit union where they take the coins to the back.
	Admittedly, it&apos;s not a huge improvement, but it does make me feel less bad as I don&apos;t have to hand the representative a huge pile of coins.
</p>
<p>
	One complaint I have though is their interest rate policy.
	In order to qualify for their higher interest rate on a checking account, you must spend from your debit card (which is required by them to have your legal name on it so merchants will know who you are) twelve times each month, have a direct deposit or automatic payment from the account once per month, and be registered for electronic statements.
	The electronic statements are a good thing, but the rest of that is utter rubbish.
	My employer doesn&apos;t offer direct deposit, so I would have to set up an automatic payment.
	That would mean trusting a company with authorization to automatically take my money, which would require actually trusting a company.
	I shouldn&apos;t have to trust other companies.
	As for the debit card purchases, that makes it way to easy to track me.
	The credit union would know where and how much I spend, the merchant would have my legal name, and the merchant would have a card number with which to chain my purchases together with.
	That is not okay.
	I could get a savings account instead, but I was told that a savings account has the same interest rate as the checking account without meeting the requirements does.
	Looking back over the notes the representative gave me, there is a second type savings account though that has double the interest rate, though it doesn&apos;t have as high of an interest rate as the checking account would if I jumped through their noxious requirements.
</p>
<p>
	When I got home, my Internet connection was down, so I couldn&apos;t set up electronic statements.
	The representative had told me that she couldn&apos;t set it up, I had to do it through the website.
	Once the connection came back up, I didn&apos;t get on it right away, and the credit union&apos;s physical location closed for the night.
	The website wanted to argue with me about email address formats even though I gave it a valid email address, then when I found one it liked, it told me that it didn&apos;t match the one on file.
	I tried giving the site the same email address that I gave the branch representative, but it said that one wasn&apos;t the one on file either.
	It&apos;s also worth noting that the website loads incredibly slowly, and that&apos;s when it decides to load at all.
</p>
<p>
	I did a little work on Minetyst&apos;s images, setting up dummy nodes to test the images as I went.
	When adding descriptions to the dummy nodes, I found that Minetest doesn&apos;t handle Unicode strings properly.
	I can&apos;t provide the correct mouseover text for many of the nodes.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that Paramat was the one that limited biome generation to only function on the surface and above, and it may have been a conscious decision, potentially in an effort to speed map generation.
	When I had wanted to create true retro biomes (before this site went up), it was that limitation that stopped me, as ores needed to generate deeper but couldn&apos;t due to the retro stone nodes not spawning deeply enough for contain the ore nodes.
	However, it seems <a href="https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=5&amp;t=12571&amp;sid=ba52000612d403871d569fcb57615157#p182952">Paramat has now removed that limitation</a>! Though I no longer have that specific idea in mind, this could be very useful for keeping ugly biome cutoff lines away in other biomes.
</p>
<p>
	My mother nailed an interview she had today, so we&apos;re packing up the family and moving out to Coos Bay at the end of August.
	A change of scenery will be nice, and I can finally quit waiting to look for a new job.
	The problem has been that she has been looking for a job and if she got one out of the area, I would have to leave my own new job if I got one.
	It wouldn&apos;t look good for me to hold a job only for a month or two, so I had to wait until the beginning of the school year, as she she is a school teacher and would know if she had gotten a job by then.
	Now I can leave my awful job in peace and attempt to get a new job in about a month, once we&apos;ve moved.
	As a side note, this may be the end of this website for the time being.
	I have no idea if a server will be able to be set up at the new location with the new <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>.
	Then again, it could work out just fine and the site might stay up.
	With or without the website, I&apos;m hopeful for the future.
</p>
<p>
	On tomorrow&apos;s agenda is heading back to the credit union to get the email address issue looked into, get the money switched over to the savings account with higher interest, and ask if they have a branch in Coos Bay.
	If they do not, I can scratch the first two items off the agenda and close the account.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

