<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>Tutanota premium accounts are now available &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Tutanota premium accounts are now available</h1>
			<p>Day 00141: <time>Sunday, 2015 July 26</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I found information on how to set um my keyboard to <a href="http://en.esperanto.org.nz/how-to-learn-esperanto/how-to-type-esperanto-characters/linux">type Esperanto Characters</a>.
	The good news is that it works and I can now type all letter characters used in Esperanto with ease.
	The bad news is that the change borked my quote and double quote key.
	The key with a Windows logo had previously been useless, but it now acts as a modifier key.
	Holding it, I can type whichever Esperanto character I needed an accent on, and it will apply the correct one.
	However, the single quote key now also acts as a modifier, altering the next key I hit to have a standard accent, one not used in Esperanto.
	If I remember to hold the Windows key when I press the single quote key, I can override this.
	But now comes the stupid part.
	The double quote (shift + single quote) is taken up as well and need the Windows key to be pressed to override it, but pressing this three-key combination does not always work.
	About half the time, no character is generated when I try to type a double quote.
	I can seem to find a pattern to when it works and not either.
	It&apos;s also worth noting that the &quot;¢&quot; and &quot;€&quot; symbols are also now accessible by combining the Windows key, &quot;e&quot; key, and for the &quot;¢&quot; symbol, the shift key.
</p>
<p>
	In case the page at the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> linked to above goes dead, the way to activate this functionality is to first run <code>setxkbmap -layout &quot;us&quot; -variant &quot;alt-intl&quot; -option &quot;lv3:lwin_switch,esperanto:qwerty&quot;</code> on the command line to make it take effect right away, then add it to one of the files that is run upon every log in, such as <code>~/.bash_aliases</code>, to make it persist after restarting or logging out.
</p>
<p>
	I worked on Minetyst a little and got a few of the images made.
	The most notable was the clay image.
	I was trying to draw desert sand but it came out horribly.
	The pattern was not sand-like at all, but it was almost perfect for clay.
	I modified the pattern a little, and messed with the colors a lot, and made the image pretty usable for use in clay nodes.
</p>
<p>
	Before I had heard about Esperanto, I had wanted to learn Lojban.
	I don know what made Esperanto seem more appealing, but it made me switch plans.
	However, Lojban is still out there and I&apos;m not really sure which is a better language.
	I tried to find comparisons of the two languages, but nothing about the things I care about such as lack of ambiguity.
	It seems both have a rigid structure that makes them very well built, syntacticly-speaking, but that&apos;s about all I could find.
	Learning a language is of no use though if there is no one else that uses that language though.
	Esperanto is a common enough language that it has it&apos;s own two-letter <abbr title="International Organisation for Standardisation">ISO</abbr> 639‑1 language code, a status reserved for &quot;major&quot; languages.
	I decided that I would check on Lojban&apos;s status, and if it had an <abbr title="International Organisation for Standardisation">ISO</abbr> 639‑1 language code, I would continue trying to figure out which to learn first, then probably move on to the other.
	However, if Lojban had not been assigned such a code, I would write it off for the time being.
	I only have so much time and I need to put my efforts to where they will actually be useful.
	As it turns out, Lojban is not common enough for such a code, so I won be learning it for now.
	That&apos;s not to say that Lojban isn&apos;t to say Lojban isn&apos;t a great language, only that it hasn&apos;t picked up as much momentum as Esperanto yet.
</p>
<p>
	I decided to log into my Tutanota account today to delete it.
	I never use that email account as it&apos;s such a pain to use.
	Tutanota&apos;s end-to-end encryption requires special software to use, but the software has a number of limitations.
	First, the only option for a desktop client is Outlook Express with the Tutanota plugin.
	Really? The only email client that can be used is proprietary? As for the Android application, its source code is available, but the application is available only in three places: Google Play, the Amazon Store, and a webpage blocked by CloudFlare.
	Google and Amazon refuse to allow you to download applications except through their own proprietary software, so you can&apos;t download the Tutanota application from them without using proprietary software.
	As for the webpage, it&apos;s blocked by CloudFlare, so <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users such as myself are stuck.
	There is simply no way to win.
	The final option is to use the Web interface, but that means having your Web browser constantly open to that page, which is a pain.
	Tutanota mail is not a feasible option in its current state.
</p>
<p>
	The plan was to log in to the account and delete it using the provided form, which asks for feedback as to why you are deleting it.
	I would explain the situation, then come back once things at Tutanota are better fleshed out.
	However, it seems that two weeks ago, they sent me an email that I missed due to checking mail being a pain.
	It said that premium accounts are now available, and for a limited time, if you open one, you get five gigabytes of extra storage space.
	I wrote back and asked if the offer was still good and if catch-all addresses are offered if you bring your own domain.
	If the offer is still valid and catch-all addresses are offered, I&apos;ll get a premium account now while the extra storage space is being offered and wait out the issues while they get ironed out.
	If catch-all addresses are not implemented, Tutanota won&apos;t meet my needs and I don&apos;t need an account at my domain.
	The mail host used for my domain must use a catch-all address.
	In this case, I&apos;ll still delete my account and wait for the accessibility issues to be worked out.
	Once ready, I&apos;ll use a gratis Tutanota account for my secondary email address that needs to be disconnected from my domain.
	Finally, if the offer is no longer valid, there is no longer any rush to set up the account.
	I might as well not pay for the time I won&apos;t be able to fully use it, and I&apos;ll delete the account and wait for the accessibility issues to be fixed before getting the premium account.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

