<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Perfecting my keyboard setup &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Perfecting my keyboard setup</h1>
			<p>Day 00142: Monday, 2015 July 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Because I can&apos;t find any communities to hang out in, I decided to join a language learning website.
	I can look up as many words as I like, but without seeing it in action, I&apos;ll lever pick up the correct sentence structure of Esperanto.
</p>
<p>
	I found a better way to set my keyboard up for typing in Esperanto.
	I got a lead that said that the Linux keyboard <a href="https://www.duolingo.com/comment/8841170">already has shortcuts for accented characters using the compose key</a>.
	I looked up how to <a href="http://forum.xfce.org/viewtopic.php?pid=21749#p21749">set a compose key</a>, and found that my keyboard now functioned the way I wanted it to! THe shortcuts mentioned didn&apos;t work, but holding the Windows key (now set as the compose key) and typing the character I wanted an accent over worked and added the correct accent for use in the Esperanto language, and the quote key was working properly again! But why? That seemed a bit too good to be true.
	I worried that the keyboard was currently in a hybrid state using parts from both the command I used yesterday and the command I used today.
	I altered the command in the <code>~/.bash_aliases</code> file, then rebooted.
	Sure enough, my fancy new keyboard capabilities went away.
	After much debugging, I found that the appropriate command is <code>setxkbmap -option lv3:lwin_switch,esperanto:qwerty</code>.
	However, and here&apos;s the tricky part, the command in <code>~/.bash_aliases</code> is not run on log in.
	Not knowing this made it very difficult to figure out what was going on.
	Opening the command line causes this file to be run, and oddly enough, opening Geany also causes this file to be run.
	Opening Mousepad does not, however.
	I decided to try creating a <code>~/.xsession</code> file and moving everything from <code>~/.bash_aliases</code> (all custom things I added and want run on startup) and appending <code>startxfce4</code> to it.
	I didn&apos;t think that would work, but now the keyboard (and everything else) is working the way I want it to!
</p>
<p>
	One of my bosses asked if I was transferring to a new work location of the same business when I move out to Coos Bay.
	I explained that I didn&apos;t think this was possible, as we are a franchise and as far as transferring goes, that makes us a separate business from the locations out at the coast.
	However, she explained that I was wrong: the owner of the local franchise also owns the locations out at Coos Bay.
	I thought about it, and the intelligent thing to do is to transfer instead of quitting right away.
	That will insure that I actually have a job when I get there, and I will have all the time I need to search for a better job.
	Lovely.
	It seems I&apos;m stuck at the same dead-end job as before for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	I got home from work very late and everyone was in bed.
	I don&apos;t know the full story, but it seems the kitchen faucet&apos;s handle is broken off making it impossible to get water from the sink.
	This should be &quot;fun&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

