<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>There&apos;s no &quot;y&quot; in Esperanto &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/07-July/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>There&apos;s no &quot;y&quot; in Esperanto</h1>
			<p>Day 00144: Wednesday, 2015 July 29</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;m doing a bit better today, though I still feel quite unwell.
	I went into work only to find that my shift had thankfully been covered so I was able to head straight home.
</p>
<p>
	It has come to my attention that there is no &quot;y&quot; in Esperanto, rendering both the &quot;Minetyst&quot; name and the <code>//y.st.</code> domain itself as fairly bad options for use with Esperanto.
	That said, I&apos;m not sure this was avoidable in a positive way.
	The <code>//st.</code> registry was the only one to write me back saying that I could buy one of their short domains.
	No other registry (of those that I even seemed to qualify for) responded.
	And that&apos;s not to mention the fact that the <code>//st.</code> registry does not require me to give them a telephone number that I do not have, unlike every other registry I have worked with.
	All the vowels in the &quot;*.st.&quot; namespace were taken, save for <code>y</code>, and without a vowel, anything I make with the domain would be unpronounceable.
	So really, <code>//y.st.</code> was the only logical choice.
</p>
<p>
	Paramat, of the Minetest community, has been doing some major upgrading of the Minetest engine&apos;s map generator.
	Many new node aliases are in use, so unless I want my subgame to be stuck using an outdated version of the engine for a while after the next version is out, I had better shift focus to the unstable version of the game for now.
	In the upcoming version of Minetest, it seems the v5 and v7 map generators are now equal in terms of node aliases used.
	I had been planning on using a v5 map due to it using more of the nodes without as much intervention on my part, but now, I may go with a v7 map instead.
	The v7 terrain is harder to navigate, but it looks less like a fantasy landscape.
	The v6 map generator has received upgrades as well, but it has no custom biome support, instead just providing all the biomes on its own.
	It&apos;s easier to set up, but it&apos;s also less flexible, so I will continue ignoring it as a possibility for my world but make sure my subgame remains compatible with it in case others want to use my subgame with that map generator.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that our the franchise owner at my job does not actually own a store location at Coos Bay, so I will need to quit and look for a new job after all.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F07-July%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

