<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/03-March/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>It&apos;s over, for now. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/03-March/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/03-March/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/03-March/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/03-March/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>It&apos;s over, for now.</h1>
			<p>Day 01118: <time>Thursday, 2018 March 29</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>Drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		I was in a hurry when I wrote up my entry last night due to the website update that needed to happen before midnight, so I left out a couple things I really shouldn&apos;t&apos;ve.
		I&apos;m not sure if it&apos;s the temporarily-dropped censorship (Look! You can actually read this entry!), the fact that I&apos;m now out of that terrible course, or the fact that I let out all my building frustration into the conclusion for the paper due yesterday, but I feel much better today.
		I really poured my heart into that conclusion.
		I tried to point out several idiotic problems I had to deal with while also taking responsibility for the failure of the research.
		I think I failed in that regard.
		The conclusion came out very snarky.
		The claim I made that I need to be less ambitious in choosing a topic?
		What a joke.
		I didn&apos;t give up on my ambitions in writing up my paper.
		I simply redirected them.
		The fact it that the research could have succeeded at a better school; one without the arbitrary limitations.
		My target audience ceased to be the general public; it became the university faculty.
		And my message was no longer one of how we need to fix our purchasing behaviour; it became one of how the school&apos;s idiotic restrictions are a hindrance to education.
		Will anyone do something about this?
		No.
		Probably not.
		But I&apos;ve expressed my view to the one person within the school that will read that paper, and maybe they&apos;ll see some of the problems
		Even though they&apos;ll do nothing about them, maybe they&apos;ll start to notice little cracks in the facade the school puts on; maybe they&apos;ll start to see things I didn&apos;t even mention.
		Ha!
		How&apos;s <strong>*that*</strong> for ambition?
		I&apos;m trying to make the professor care.
		They won&apos;t, but that doesn&apos;t mean I didn&apos;t try my best.
	</p>
	<p>
		As planned, I biked to Eugene today to take the exams.
		I anticipated that they&apos;d be difficult; a time limit on the maths problems and no access to my textbook and calculator, for starters.
		The maths final turned out to be ten questions long though.
		It was really nothing.
		The English final was forty questions long, but as expected, the questions were a combination of the school patting itself on the back for how &quot;great&quot; it is, useless garbage that I knew before the term started, and useless garbage that I still don&apos;t know offhand, but could easily deduce because it was a multiple-choice test and most of the options were clearly wrong.
		I need to stop getting myself worked up for these proctored exams.
		I did this last time too, but in my defence, I didn&apos;t have any way to know what to expect last time.
		This time, I should have known better.
		I bet these proctored exams are just something the school does to keep their accreditation or something.
		The proctored exams aren&apos;t the more difficult exams, they&apos;re just the exams for courses that are chosen based on some other criteria.
		It could be random.
		Or it could be courses some regulator has them proctor.
		I don&apos;t know, and to be honest, I&apos;m only mildly curious at best.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="catching_up">
	<h2>Catching up</h2>
	<p>
		The term is over, so it&apos;s time to catch up on what I&apos;ve not had the energy to do.
		I tried to pay my mother a visit, but she wasn&apos;t around.
		I also finally got the key duplicated and the spare hidden where I can access it if needed.
		Next, I dropped by the bike shop to claim the warrantee on that jammed lock.
		I misplaced the warrantee instructions though, so I wasn&apos;t sure I&apos;ve be able to make the exchange until I found them.
		Thankfully, the bike shop representative was familiar with the process and just swapped locks for me.
		I didn&apos;t think about it before I left, but they took my receipt.
		If this happens again, I won&apos;t have proof of my purchase.
		Hopefully I won&apos;t need it if that day comes.
	</p>
	<p>
		I should have worked on fining my tax returns today, but I didn&apos;t.
		I needed some time to recuperate from the difficult term that just ended.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F03-March%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F03-March%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

