<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>Scrollbars made less annoying &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Scrollbars made less annoying</h1>
			<p>Day 00086: Monday, 2015 June 01</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I use the Xfce desktop, but I also use a few applications meant for <abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr>.
	Xfce is meant to be light, fast, and efficient, with no ridiculous graphical effects wasting my time and processing power.
	I like this.
	However, sometimes Xfce applications are a little too light in the feature department.
	Mousepad is the official Xfce text editor, but it lacks basic spell checking.
	Claws Mail is one of the recommended email clients for Xfce, and I like it very much, but it lacks CardDAV synchronization.
	As such, I use Gedit and Evolution.
	These applications use <abbr title="GIMP Toolkit">GTK+</abbr> 3, which has very wonky scroll bars.
	Most aggravatingly, these scroll bars jump into a special &quot;zoom mode&quot; when you try to move them slowly or try to hold them in place.
	I have too much mail to sort through to be dealing with this nonsense, so I finally decided to do the research needed to fix it.
	Unfortunately, I cannot find instructions anywhere for disabling this feature.
	One Gentoo user says that he or she was told that there was no way to disable this, so he or she created a <a href="https://forums.gentoo.org/viewtopic-p-7705894.html">source code patch</a> that disables it anyway.
	I love the fact that the source code for all my software is freely editable like this.
	I found an easier solution for my use case though: instructions on how to <a href="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=728739#c9">set the scrollbar to only enter zoom mode after five seconds</a>.
	The intent of these instructions were presumably to still allow zoom mode to be fairly easy to access, but I don&apos;t like zoom mode at all.
	I multiplied the supplied integer by twenty, so I think it will take one hundred seconds for me to accidentally enter zoom mode.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://defazio.house.gov/">Peter DeFazio</a>, my local House representative, sent out a news letter informing me of some bad news.
	The Senate voted &quot;yes&quot; to grant fast track trade negotiation power to the president.
	The Hose still has to vote though, and hopefully the proposal will be declined.
	It appears that this version of fast track considers public concerns to be something to be ignored.
	It overturns laws that require the labeling of certain types of products, such as <abbr title="genetically modified organism">GMO</abbr>s.
	I don&apos;t understand how currency manipulation works, but it sounds like this fast track bill doesn&apos;t protect us from it, and currency manipulation has already put us greatly in debt.
	You&apos;ll have to do your own research on that one though, I still have much mail to process.
</p>
<p>
	Aside from DeFazio&apos;s letter, most of what I processed today was just bits of junk.
	I pulled an open to close shift yesterday, so I really wasn&apos;t up for processing much today.
	I did split my mail up into four categories though, so if I have time to process one category each day, I should be done in four days.
	We&apos;ll see how that goes though.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

