<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Tutanota &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Tutanota</h1>
			<p>Day 00088: <time>Wednesday, 2015 June 03</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I ran across <a href="https://tutanota.de/">Tutanota</a>, an email provider that believes in free software and privacy.
	I don&apos;t know how they are doing it, but they are encrypting entire emails, including the headers and attachments.
	They also say that being licensed under the <abbr title="General Public License version Three">GPLv3</abbr> is <strong>*essential*</strong> to any security service.
	It sounds like they want to <a href="https://tutanota.de/community">replace Google</a> in an end-to-end encrypted way.
	I was planning on getting an email account from <a href="http://k.st/">K Street</a> for use in job hunting, but I think I&apos;ll get an account at Tutanota instead.
	They have plans to allow people to use their own domains too, so depending on how that&apos;s implemented (a wildcard address is a must for me at this point), I&apos;ll move my real email domain over there later too.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been missing having any <a href="http://www.bradsucks.net/">Brad Sucks</a> music on my playlist, so my album purchase for the first half of this month is Brad&apos;s <a href="http://www.bradsucks.net/albums/i_dont_know/">I Don&apos;t Know What I&apos;m Doing</a>.
	I bought this a little early, due to the fact that I anticipated problems on PayPal&apos;s end as usual.
	However, PayPal gave me zero grief this time, an unexpected pleasant surprise.
	The download link sent in the email after purchase showed the purchase at the top of a modified version of the albums page, with all five albums (three free, two with no visible license) below as usual.
	I got the impression that the purchase had been recorded in connection with the email address, but going to the regular album listing page, I saw that the purchase does not seem to be maintained in connection with my Brad Sucks account, which is actually under a second email address.
	I think my next album purchase will also be from Brad, so I can test to see if both purchases show up when I use my PayPal email address to purchase the second album.
</p>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t process much mail today, I just wasn&apos;t feeling it.
	Perhaps I&apos;ll process double tomorrow to make up for it.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

