<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Demand Progress and the Daily Kos &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Demand Progress and the Daily Kos</h1>
			<p>Day 00089: Thursday, 2015 June 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My space bar has been acting up again, and I wasted another hour today attempting to fix it.
	I hate to just give up and discard the thing, but I did buy a second X60s keyboard the other day.
	I&apos;ve swapped it in, and it doesn&apos;t seem to give me any problems.
	I&apos;ll have to get used to the slightly-different key placements and sizes though.
</p>
<p>
	A total of <del>seven</del> <ins>ten</ins> lawsuits have been filed against the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr> in an attempt to undermine the net neutrality rules they finally set up.
	Demand Progress is <del>considering</del> <ins>now</ins> getting is involved in the latest case to show support for the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr> and net neutrality.
	It sounds like the <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>s are being underhanded as usual, and are trying to perhaps not even win these cases, but simply delay the finalization of the rules until the current President leaves office.
	It seems the President can throw the rules out entirely, and if they can get a new guy elected who will do just that, they win.
	If Demand Progress can help get the cases closed in favor of net neutrality, we win.
</p>
<p>
	Demand Progress has a petition to get the Securities and Exchange Commission&apos;s chairman, Mary Jo White, to issue a rule requiring <a href="http://act.demandprogress.org/letter/tell-mary-jo-white-stop-dark-money">public companies come clean about their spending of money on attack advertisements</a> designed to discredit political candidates that don&apos;t plan to provide tax breaks for and lower regulation of said corrupt corporations.
</p>
<p>
	Demand Progress also has some sort of campaign to get Congress to let key parts of the <abbr title="Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism">USA PATRIOT</abbr> Act expire on June first, but the campaign page is behind a CloudFlare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall and June first has passed anyway.
	Mistedwind tells me that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rand_Paul">Rand Paul</a> extended the debate in Congress with a <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Filibuster">filibuster</a> for over ten hours, causing these parts to expire as they should.
	However, it&apos;s not a done deal, as the vote will still happen and the <abbr title="Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism">USA PATRIOT</abbr> Act provisions could be resurrected and put back in place.
</p>
<p>
	I don&apos;t know much about how the banks in this country are regulated, but it seems that the banks, being the greedy corporations that they are, are trying to get these regulations loosened.
	Demand Progress has a <a href="https://www.rootstrikers.org/#!/project/fight-wall-streets-attack-on-dodd-frank">petition</a> to try to keep the regulations in place.
	It seems that fast track authority poses a threat here as well, as fast track legislation could overturn regulations without any chance for fine tuning.
	A second petition is trying to <a href="https://www.rootstrikers.org/#!/project/no-fast-track-to-killing-financial-reform">get Trade Representative Michael Froman to prove that this can&apos;t happen</a>, as he says that this isn&apos;t an issue.
	The Daily Kos has a <a href="https://www.dailykos.com/campaigns/1267">similar petition</a>.
	It seems that Michael Froman was formerly working for Citigroup, one of the global banks, and he still has strong ties to them.
	This puts us in a similar position as the appointing of Tom Wheeler as chairman of the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr>: those being overseen are potentially being overseen only by themselves.
	Hopefully Michael Froman will turn out to be a reasonable human being like Tom Wheeler did and will actually do his job.
</p>
<p>
	Some people are trying to get the Electoral College system fixed so that the electoral votes will match the popular vote.
	This would mean that every vote across the nation would actually matter.
	It&apos;s a huge step in the right direction, and I hope they succeed.
	If you agree, please <a href="http://nationalpopularvote.com/">show your support</a>.
	Though this would fix the Electoral College, the Electoral College would still be in place.
	I have to wonder: why keep the Electoral College at all?
</p>
<p>
	The Daily Kos seriously needs to learn how to properly use the plain text section of a multi-part email.
	Several letters from them came through where the plain text version of the email has nothing more than a link to unsubscribe to the mailing list.
	If you&apos;re not going to have the details of the letter present in the plain text section, why even have a plain text section at all? I posted on the Daily Kos help board, but it seems my post isn&apos;t visible until it gets past the moderators.
	In reality, if the moderators see it, they may bring it to the attention of the people who can actually do something about it, so the moderation queue may work in my favor.
	People outside the Daily Kos can&apos;t do anything about the issue, so they don&apos;t need to see it right away anyway.
</p>
<p>
	The Daily Kos is trying to <a href="https://www.dailykos.com/campaigns/1229">end mountaintop-removal mining</a>, which is used to harvest coal.
	The problem is that it puts a lot of dangerous garbage in the air, such as silica, aluminum, and molybdenum, which leads to lung cancer.
	An issue that they don&apos;t mention is that we shouldn&apos;t be mining for coal anyway.
	The burning of fossil fuels is doing major damage to our weather system and climate.
</p>
<p>
	It has come to my attention that the Daily Kos is potentially run by democrats, as an email from them says that their overall goal is to &quot;empower Democrats and progressives, and expose Republican lies&quot;.
	The thing is though, Democrats aren&apos;t exactly the good guys either, and they too have their share of lies in need of exposing.
	While the Republicans fight to put the power in the hands of the corporations, the Democrats fight to put the power in the hands of the government.
	Who then is fighting to put the power in the hands of the people, where it belongs? Not any party that has any major share of the voters, that&apos;s for sure.
	It&apos;s sad, really.
</p>
<p>
	We need to pressure our House representatives to <a href="https://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1329">vote against giving fast track authority to the President for the Trans-Pacific Partnership</a>.
</p>
<p>
	One email from the Daily Kos is about preventing a power grab by changing the way the electoral votes are distributed.
	However, the links in the email instead point to a campaign about <a href="https://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1370">preventing the privatization of veteran care</a>.
	The same link appears in the appropriate email, one about Jeb Bush wanting to privatize veteran health care as part of his election campaign.
</p>
<p>
	John Fiebiger, user name <code>farjohfie</code>, registered an eBay account using an email address at my domain.
	I promptly reset the password, preventing use of the account.
	It seems I reset the password in time to prevent even a single purchase from being made.
</p>
<p>
	The only emails left for me to process are all from CREDO Mobile, so it&apos;s probably a bunch more petitions as well as some advertisements attempting to get me to switch to their <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr>-based service.
	I can&apos;t even consider switching unless Replicant somehow gets <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr> compatibility, and that&apos;s not going to happen.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

