<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Reaching out to John Fiebiger &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Reaching out to John Fiebiger</h1>
			<p>Day 00091: Saturday, 2015 June 06</p>
		</header>
<p>
	John Fiebiger, the guy who registered an eBay account using an email address at my domain, attempted two password resets today, but they were unsuccessful due to his registered email address really being mine.
	He then proceeded to send the email address he used two blank letters, each from a different email account.
	I used both email addresses to reach out to him, offering to change the eBay account email address to his so he could perform the password reset and claim the account.
	All I asked is that he let me know which email address he wants the account transfered to.
	I hope to hear from him soon, but for all I know, my letters to him could be in his spam box even if he did want to read them.
</p>
<p>
	I received a &quot;happy birthday&quot; message from Straight Talk today, so I decided to investigate.
	I logged into my account, and it seems that Straight Talk thinks my date of birth is 1998-06-06.
	I don&apos;t know why I would have entered that value.
	It&apos;s not my actual date of birth and I usually enter a bogus date occurring on January first of some year.
	Strange.
	This value on the account cannot be modified either, though the name on the account <strong>*can*</strong> be.
	At least, according to the page&apos;s markup, you can&apos;t.
	After fiddling with Iceweasel&apos;s options a bit, I managed to remove the <code> disabled=&quot;disabled&quot;</code> from the input fields, and set my birthday to 1900-01-01.
	The server should not have accepted it, as Straight Talk clearly did not want this modified, but it did accept it.
</p>
<p>
	My mother insisted that I not bring my insurance information to the eye doctor, and said that she would do it when she went in later that day.
	When I next saw her, she informed me that it turns out that neither my sister nor I are covered for any vision-related work, and that she had thus canceled my appointment.
	Canceling my appointment on me saves me the trip to go do it myself as I would have otherwise done, but it&apos;s kind of unnerving that she was <strong>*able*</strong> to cancel the appointment.
	Does that mean that anyone that knew when, where, and under what name my appointment was could cancel it on me? I suppose that&apos;s better than the alternative, a thorough identity check being needed for me to manage my own appointment, but it could lead to trouble in some cases.
</p>
<p>
	I legitimately did not have time to answer email today due to an unexpected several-hour trip.
	Maybe tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

