<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>This laptop is quirky &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>This laptop is quirky</h1>
			<p>Day 00096: <time>Thursday, 2015 June 11</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I tried installing Debian on my new laptop using the net installer, but this laptop refuses to boot the net installer.
	It boots the live <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> my coworker lent me, but I don&apos;t want to install from that.
	If my coworker did something funny to make that <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive work, I need to know now before I get in over my head with a laptop that I can&apos;t update next time Debian is released.
</p>
<p>
	My X60s won&apos;t stay powered on long enough to download my own copy of the Debian Xfce live <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, so I had to download it from the new laptop instead, which was still running Windows.
	While it downloaded, I also played Minetest on it, resulting in me learning a bit about the system already on the machine.
	First, the volume keys do not work on Windows.
	Second, the graphics card is not compatible with Minetest&apos;s shaders, at least not on Windows.
	Third, Windows is refusing to allow Minetest to connect to the network.
	Windows actually popped up a warning telling me that it was deliberately refusing to allow Minetest to access the network, supposedly in the name of security.
	I couldn&apos;t find a way to bypass this, so I played offline while I waited for the download to complete.
	I don&apos;t get it though.
	Two of my siblings played Minetest online even back when their machines ran Windows.
	Why won&apos;t Windows allow me to play online too? It doesn&apos;t really matter though, as Windows has been purged from the machine and will trouble me no further.
</p>
<p>
	After downloading the live <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, I copied it over to my X60s and burnt it to <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr>.
	I found this live version boots just fine on the new machine, and even doesn&apos;t have the corrupted menu that my coworker&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> presents.
	So while there is something odd going on with my coworker&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, whatever it is is not needed for installation.
</p>
<p>
	Once Debian was installed, I noticed several things.
	First, the volume keys that don&apos;t work in Windows do work in Debian.
	I&apos;m not complaining, but why do these keys work in Debian but don&apos;t work on the system the laptop was built for? That makes no sense.
	Second, Shaders function perfectly in Minetest using the same graphics card, but on Debian.
	Due presumably to issues in KeePassX&apos;s handling of keyboard layouts durring autotype, I don&apos;t seem to be able to get onto one of the servers I once used on the X60s.
	My guess is that the wrong characters were typed in that password when the account was created.
	There also doesn&apos;t seem to be a &quot;low power&quot; warning, the machine just shuts off once the battery is low with no indication that it has almost reached that point.
</p>
<p>
	I hit my Straight Talk data limit, so now I have my answer to the question of if my data gets cut off or just slowed: it gets cut off.
	There does not seem to be a way to check this yourself though, to know if you lost connection due to overuse or if it is a technical problem.
	There&apos;s a form to check online, but it seems to be broken.
	I had to reach out to customer care and get them to check for me.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

