<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>A bicycle and a skateboard &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A bicycle and a skateboard</h1>
			<p>Day 00104: <time>Friday, 2015 June 19</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My brother has been wanting to get my sister and me into Dungeons and Dragons, but he knows I won&apos;t play anything proprietary.
	So, he found a similar game, <a href="http://dungeon-world.com/">Dungeon World</a>.
	It will be a while before we can play, as he is leaving for about a week, but we have our characters picked out.
</p>
<p>
	I started messing with the icon keys on the side of this new laptop&apos;s keyboard.
	Most of the keys seem to do nothing, but three are actually functional in some way.
	The key icon turns the screen brightness up.
	There doesn&apos;t seem to be a way to turn it back down with a key, but I imagine I could turn it down from one of the settings applications.
	The ringed planet icon opens the Web browser.
	I&apos;m not sure what Saturn has to do with the Web browser, but like the key icon, it may be performing the incorrect function.
	The postal letter key on the other hand, predictably opens my mail client.
</p>
<p>
	Evolution seems to be more than just a mail client, and I now have it synchronizing with my CalDAV calendar.
</p>
<p>
	My mother is pretty good at shopping at yard sales, and has brought me home a skateboard and a bicycle.
	I don&apos;t know how to ride a skateboard yet, but she knew I wanted one anyway.
	I think with practice, it will be a quick way to travel but is also less bulky than the bicycle so I can take it with me into buildings and such.
	The bicycle on the other hand is a much more practical way to travel.
	I need to rebuild my leg muscles though, I haven&apos;t owned a bicycle in years.
</p>
<p>
	The fast track trade authority bill still threatens to pass.
	We need to <a href="https://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1435">keep up</a> <a href="http://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1385">the pressure</a> to <a href="https://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1431">get it rejected</a>.
	It looks like if the Trade Adjustment Assistance bill doesn&apos;t pass, the fast track bill and the Trans-Pacific Partnership can&apos;t pass, as the version of the bill that made it through the Senate included it.
	Anyway, <a href="https://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1426">keeping the Trade Adjustment Assistance measure from passing in the house</a> sounds like another way we can win.
</p>
<p>
	We also need to keep up the pressure to get <a href="http://campaigns.dailykos.com/p/dia/action3/common/public/?action_KEY=1412">corporate funding of election campaigns made transparent</a>, so we know how we are voting with our pocketbooks.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/Nestle_CEO">Nestle is drawing too much water from California</a>, a place that is already suffering from lack of water.
</p>
<p>
	Apparently, the <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/dem_debates">Democratic Presidential candidates are not allowed to properly debate amongst themselves</a>, so people Democrats aren&apos;t able to make an informed choice during the primary elections.
	I hope the Republicans aren&apos;t also placing that idiotic restriction on their candidates.
</p>
<p>
	Congress is threatening to <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/expand_social_security">cut Social Security</a> to benefit the wealthy at the expense of the poor.
</p>
<p>
	Previously, CREDO Mobile had been trying to get <abbr title="American Legislative Exchange Council">ALEC</abbr> to stop trying to block the availability of municipal broadband.
	In response, <abbr title="American Legislative Exchange Council">ALEC</abbr> is now trying to get CREDO Mobile to withdraw its criticism and issue a prominently-visible message about the withdrawal.
	Instead, CREDO Mobile is now trying to dis-empower <abbr title="American Legislative Exchange Council">ALEC</abbr> by <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/att_verizon_comcast_alec">getting the <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>s to cut ties with them</a>.
</p>
<p>
	I think in a way, this species is a good representation for the Floraverse comic itself.
	The goal is to take ideas presented by others, incorporate them into your own work, them in turn have your work incorporated into another work.
	Each time, the new work takes on what the new creator thought were the best ideas from the old work.
</p>
<p>
	AT&amp;T and Verizon want to buy the remaining low-band spectrum when it becomes available, despite already having control of most of it.
	Lower frequencies penetrate solid objects better and travels greater distances, so to remain competitive, <a href="https://savewirelesschoice.com/#take_action">small companies need access to this section of spectrum too</a>.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

