<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>CREDO Mobile claims to value privacy, but is missing a very important privacy issue &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>CREDO Mobile claims to value privacy, but is missing a very important privacy issue</h1>
			<p>Day 00105: Saturday, 2015 June 20</p>
		</header>
<p>
	CREDO Mobile is now trying to get me to switch to them by telling me that they have a better privacy policy than AT&amp;T and Verizon and that they fight government surveillance.
	It doesn&apos;t change two simple facts though: CREDO Mobile&apos;s service is postpaid and runs over <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr>.
	<abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr> is the real kicker here, as it means that I would need a proprietary system to even use the service.
	However, being postpaid sort of contradicts the whole privacy thing.
	With postpaid service, the carrier needs to know who you are to make sure you pay your bill.
	As I understand it, you must hand over your Social Security number to them so they can do this.
	Sure, CREDO Mobile may make a best-effort attempt to keep your privacy, but as long as your carrier knows who you are, you are at risk of government orders being used to get at your identity.
</p>
<p>
	I now have my <a href="https://app.tutanota.de/">Tutanota</a> email account set up, though as I am using it as an email address for my legal identity for use in job hunting, I won&apos;t tell how to find me on Tutanota.
	I went through the settings, and it seems that Tutanota allows you the use of one alias.
	As an experiment, I set up the alias, but I found that once an alias is chosen, you may not discard it.
	Be careful, and choose your alias as thoughtfully as you choose your main address, as you won&apos;t get a second chance.
	Paid service is not yet available, but it looks like when it is, it will be inexpensive and allow use of your own domain.
	I don&apos;t know if I want to switch my domain over or if I want to set up a new subdomain for email.
	I&apos;m not sure if a desktop email client is available; I can&apos;t see one on the site.
	Web mail is harder to integrate with other systems such as my CardDAV server, so it might be nice keeping a standard email account around for when I know encryption won&apos;t be used, such as for automated emails.
	I&apos;m also not sure if Tutanota offers wildcard addressing, a must-have for spam source detection.
</p>
<p>
	The fossil fuel industry is still participating in mountaintop-removal mining, causing much dangerous debris to end up in the air to be inhaled.
	Between the fact that this debris is harmful and the fact that burning fossil fuels is causing climate change, we need to <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/end_mtr_ache_act">stop them</a>.
</p>
<p>
	The <a href="https://www.rootstrikers.org/#!/project/tell-the-senate-pass-the-fair-elections-now-act">Fair Elections Now Act</a> will help prevent rich corporations from being able to buy politicians as easily.
	Please sign the petition so we can get congress to help return the power to the people.
</p>
<p>
	CREDO Mobile wants to <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/Mary_Jo_White">get Mary Jo White relieved of her post as Chairman of the Securities Exchange Commission</a> due to her not acting as the regulator she should be.
	Instead of keeping the banks in check, she has been enabling them and bailing them out.
</p>
<p>
	Peabody Energy, a coal mining company, is <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/coal_bonding">trying to get out on having toxix waste cleanup insurgence</a>.
	If individuals are required to have insurance for their cars and especially if individuals that never go to the doctor are required to have health insurance, there is no reason why corporations should be allowed to get out of having the insurance that is used to be sure the public is safe from the dangers they themselves are creating.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of fossil fuels, President Obama is working on <a href="https://act.credoaction.com/sign/obama_dont_drill_arctic">allowing Shell to drill in the arctic</a>.
	We shouldn&apos;t be allowing oil drilling anywhere, but it sounds like drilling in the arctic carries additional risk, with an estimated 75% chance of an oils spill of at least one thousand barrels occurring.
	We need to convince the President to put a stop to this.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

