<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>My camera isn&apos;t broken after all! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My camera isn&apos;t broken after all!</h1>
			<p>Day 00106: <time>Sunday, 2015 June 21</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I did some experimenting, and it seems the cause of my camera&apos;s blurry photographs is not damage to the device itself.
	After removing the mobile from its protective case and cleaning the lens, the camera focuses perfectly, though only when the case is off.
	I tried cleaning the lens cover on the case, but that doesn&apos;t seem to allow the camera to function correctly with the case on.
	It&apos;s worth noting that the protective case and the dirt on the lens do not seem to be creating a blurry haze that obscures the photographs.
	Rather, they instead cause issues software-side, with the camera attempting to focus on the nearby lens instead of focusing on the target.
</p>
<p>
	I got into another fight with my mother.
	She gets frustrated that I never talk about what&apos;s truly on my mind, but at the same time, she gets outright angry when I do.
	She hates hearing about freedom, politics, and technology, but those are the things I think about.
	I&apos;m not sure what to do about this, there really is no way to win.
</p>
<p>
	As a way to relax after today&apos;s strife, I picked up another Brad Sucks album, this time <a href="http://www.bradsucks.net/albums/guess-whos-a-mess/">Guess Who&apos;s a Mess</a>.
	As I feared, the albums I purchased are associated with my PayPal email address instead of the Brad Sucks account I was logged into at the time of purchase.
	This is verifiable because the album I last purchased showed up in my purchase list when I purchased the second album, meaning that Brad&apos;s site remembers my email address, but not when I visit the page while logged into my Brad Sucks account without the direct purchase link.
	Then again, I tried changing my Brad Sucks account email address to match my PayPal email address, and that did not resolve the issue.
	That could be a symptom of a broken site setup (the store page uses the email address you registered with, not your current email address) or the site might not associate your purchases with your Brad Sucks account ever and I&apos;m just thinking there is a problem where there isn&apos;t one because I use a different email address with every website.
	Another important thing to note is that the first album I purchased is now <strong>*expired*</strong>; I cannot download it again without purchasing it a second time.
	If you purchase an item from Brad, make sure you download it right away and keep a backup copy handy in case of data loss.
</p>
<p>
	As a side note, this is the third time in a row that I have purchased music using PayPal in which PayPal didn&apos;t hassle me too much.
	The first two times, PayPal didn&apos;t hassle me at all, and today, PayPal only once tried to strong-arm me into registering an account.
	Not once today did PayPal reject my card though, which is what they normally do.
	Has PayPal finally at least partially fixed their system, or am I just getting awesome luck?
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

