<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>Xposed, XPrivacy, Identiconizer!, and the hall of shame &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Xposed, XPrivacy, Identiconizer!, and the hall of shame</h1>
			<p>Day 00109: <time>Wednesday, 2015 June 24</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I thought I remembered reading that it was a bad idea to install the <a href="https://repo.xposed.info/module/de.robv.android.xposed.installer">Xposed framework</a> on custom Android versions such as Replicant, but I don&apos;t seem to see any information on that now.
	Either I am remembering wrong, or perhaps Xposed has progressed to the point where it is compatible with more things.
	In any case, I installed it today in order to use <a href="https://repo.xposed.info/module/biz.bokhorst.xprivacy">XPrivacy</a>.
	In theory, that would allow me to give <a href="https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.SecUpwN.AIMSICD">Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector</a> the location access it needs without giving <strong>*every*</strong> application that wants it access.
	Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector is the <strong>*only*</strong> application I have that even remotely needs to know where I am.
	After installing XPrivacy, much to my dismay, I found it has <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr>! It&apos;s free software and it still has <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr>! You need a &quot;pro license&quot; to access certain features.
</p>
<p>
	In trying to find the terms of this &quot;pro license&quot;, I tried to get in contact with the developer.
	However, his website says he only provides support through the XDA Developer forums.
	I tried to register an account there, but the site rejects my application and claims that I am a spammer.
	The site says that if the registration application is rejected in error, to use their contact form to reach out for help, but the contact form refuses to submit.
	I looked XDA Developers up on twitter and complained there.
	Maybe someone will do something about it, maybe not.
	I don&apos;t know how actively that Twitter account is monitored.
</p>
<p>
	In Replicant (and in Android in general), contacts have an optional image attached to them.
	The default isn&apos;t consistent across applications, and in some applications, is the same for every contact.
	To make things a bit more interesting, I installed <a href="https://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdid=com.germainz.identiconizer">Identiconizer!</a> awhile back.
	Now that Xposed is installed, Xposed is recognizing Identiconizer! as an Xposed module.
	Identiconizer! seems to have been built to function with or without Xposed, but it would function alongside Xposed even if it had not been built to integrate with it as a module.
	I can only assume that the author feels integration as a module is better in some way.
	Perhaps it takes less <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> or can automatically provide images for contacts that otherwise cannot receive images automatically? I&apos;ve activated the integration, though I may or may not see a difference.
</p>
<p>
	It seems somebody calling themselves &quot;M Vaseem&quot; has registered for email alerts about real estate in India using one of my email addresses.
	What is even the point of registering for email alerts if you aren&apos;t going to use your own email address? You won&apos;t even receive the alerts! As usual, I have reset the password on the account so the registrant can&apos;t use it.
	If you want to register for something without giving out your main email address, at least set up a spam email address that you never check instead of registering under someone else&apos;s email address.
	M Vaseem may or may not be contactable at telephone number 8106308571, presumably using the Indian prefix: +91.8106308571.
	I&apos;ve now set up a <a href="/en/a/hall_of_shame.xhtml">hall of shame</a> page for these people that keep using email addresses at my domain to register for things.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

