<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>A chat with CREDO that went nowhere &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A chat with CREDO that went nowhere</h1>
			<p>Day 00110: Thursday, 2015 June 25</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I think someone tried to jack my bicycle yesterday.
	I stopped at the store for food on my way to work as I always do, but when I got back, my handle bars were too loose for comfort.
	Riding the rest of the way to work was a bit of a pain.
	Once I got off work, I found the handle bars had worked their way even looser, to the point that I couldn&apos;t steer the thing at all.
	I fell off in front of my boss, who seemed to be under the impression that I didn&apos;t even know how to ride a bicycle.
	Once I got home, it was an easy fix with a wrench, but I do wish we lived in a society that was less terrible, one where people would leave each other&apos;s things alone.
</p>
<p>
	I received a snail mail letter inviting me to get an affordable education.
	There were two catches though.
	First, quite literally half the courses were on religion.
	They expect you to take two courses at a time, one religious, one academic.
	I might be able to deal with that, as it would help me to understand what other people believe, regardless of the fact that I don&apos;t buy into it myself.
	The second catch was more than I could stomach though.
	They require you to be a registered member of the church that they are peddling.
	I have no problem learning about them, but I will not pretend to be one of them.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from CREDO Mobile telling me that I can bring my own AT&amp;T or Verizon device to their network.
	AT&amp;T is on <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr> though, and Verizon <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr>.
	Does this mean that CREDO has expanded to using more than just the Sprint (<abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr> towers? I tried contacting CREDO customer care, but they seemed to know nothing.
	They said that only a select few devices could be transferred to CREDO, and pointed me towards a list of said devices.
	The Samsung Galaxy S III is on that list though, yet their Web page said my device was not compatible.
	Customer care was unable to provide me any further information, and through I pushed several times, they refused to tell me if there was or was not someone else I could contact to inquire further.
	I strongly suspect due to them only accepting certain devices that they are not running on <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr> at all.
	I would say that the devices on that list contain both <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr> and <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr> radios, but I&apos;m almost certain that no version of the Samsung Galaxy S III has both.
	Perhaps instead CREDO is running a <abbr title="Voice over Long-Term Evolution">VoLTE</abbr> system.
	The AT&amp;T version of that device is not compatible with Replicant, but it does have an <abbr title="Long-Term Evolution">LTE</abbr> radio.
	I will try asking CREDO on <a href="https://twitter.com/YstDo/status/614174930024972288">Twitter</a>, maybe the people there will either know what the issue is or know who I can ask to find out.
	So I have a way to link to the conversation in case it becomes relevant, I have posted it below:
</p>
<blockquote><p>
	Moroni F: Welcome to CREDO Mobile.
	How can I help you today?<br/>
You: Hello! Thank you for seeing me.
	I just received a letter saying that I could bring a device from AT&amp;T.<br/>
Moroni F: We do have a &quot;Bring Your Own Device&quot; program, under which certain phones can be brought over to CREDO.
	You can see a list of these phones and get the process started at http://www.credomobile.com/byod/.<br/>
Other than that, however, only CREDO-issued phones will work on our network, so you would have to get a new phone from us.<br/>
You: I tried entering my AT&amp;T-compatible device&apos;s serial number on your site, but it was rejected.<br/>
Moroni F: Okay, not all devices are guaranteed to work with our services.
	Not all devices are compatible.<br/>
Moroni F: Sorry about that.<br/>
You: What criteria are used to determine &quot;compatibility&quot;? GSM is GSM, if one AT&amp;T device works, why would they not all work?<br/>
Moroni F: We rent out Sprints towers for network service and not all phones work with the services.
	Unfortunately I do not have all the information on that but if you want me to I will inquire about that further.<br/>
You: Yeah, please do.
	If you are running of the Spring towers, *no* AT&amp;T devices should be compatible.
	I&apos;m not sure why your email and Web page would say that AT&amp;T devices would work.<br/>
You: *Sprint<br/>
Moroni F: Understood, thank you for that information.
	Bear with me a moment while I check into that.<br/>
You: Huh.
	That web page says &quot;Have it all: the phone you like and the phone company you’ll love.
	Bring your phone—from any major carrier—to CREDO.&quot;.<br/>
You: &lt;https://credomobile.com/byod/&gt;<br/>
Moroni F: Correct, any devices not on the list will not work.<br/>
You: &quot;Samsung Galaxy S III&quot; (my device) is on your list though.<br/>
You: &lt;https://www.credomobile.com/byod/#modDevices&gt;<br/>
Moroni F: I understand that, Unfortunately there is a complex sort of factors with this situation on whether or not the devices will work and I do not have the information on that so I apologize.<br/>
You: Do you know who I would contact to understand the situation better? More than anything, I just want to understand what is going on, even if nothing can be done about it and I am unable to join CREDO.<br/>
Moroni F: I&apos;m unable to get any further information as to why or what is going on with the devices that are capable of being brought over.
	If the device says it can&apos;t then we will not be able to use it.
	If you wanted to join Credo Mobile you would need to either find another device or buy a new one from us.<br/>
Moroni F: We have great discounts on the new phones so it might be something you would want to take advantage of.<br/>
You: CREDO&apos;s devices don&apos;t have the capabilities I need though.
	Unfortunately, only a select few devices do.
	So there is no one else I can contact to inquire about this?<br/>
Moroni F: I am very sorry about that.
	I&apos;ve inquired about this, but that&apos;s something that is out of our hands and we do not deal with so again my apologies.<br/>
You: Alright.
	Thank you for your time.<br/>
Moroni F: You&apos;re welcome, sorry I couldn&apos;t be of better assistance today but I do hope you have a wonderful day.
	:)<br/>
You: I hope you do as well!<br/>
Moroni F: Thank you :)The agent has ended the chat
</p></blockquote>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

