<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>It&apos;s free, but it&apos;s incompatible &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/06-June/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/07-July/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>It&apos;s free, but it&apos;s incompatible</h1>
			<p>Day 00115: <time>Tuesday, 2015 June 30</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Iavael, the developer of the EnableContactsGroups Xposed module, has <a href="https://github.com/iavael/EnableContactsGroups/issues/1">placed his application under the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="Lesser General Public License version Three or later">LGPLv3+</abbr></a>!
	That means the application can be installed without guilt.
	However, whenever I try to install it, the installation fails with the system claiming the package is invalid.
	After some looking into the code and some research online, I found that this application is built with a minimum Android <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr> level of 18, while the most recent version of Replicant uses Android <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr> level 17.
	When time allows, I need to try again to get the Replicant development environment working.
	I couldn&apos;t get it working correctly back when I was on Debian 7, but I&apos;ve been on Debian 8 for quite a while now.
	The more modern software in Debian 8 may make all the difference in getting the development environment up and running.
	Using Iavael&apos;s code as a base, I may be able to build something that works on Replicant.
	I&apos;m hoping the solution is as simple as just setting the <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr> level of the application down a notch, getting error messages about missing methods, and writing around those methods or even just removing calls to them.
	However, having never had a working mobile development environment, I&apos;ve never worked with code for mobile application.
	I have no experience and things could very easily go poorly for me.
</p>
<p>
	My sister has had problems with saving <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> files recently.
	She&apos;s been starting to build her own website, but the fact that her files won&apos;t save has been slowing her down.
	She would save a file, close it, then reopen it, and the content would still be there.
	But after shutting down the computer and restarting, the file would be blank.
	After messing with it a while, it seems that the problem is the way in which she is shutting down the computer.
	Instead of shutting it down properly, she holds the power button until the lights go out.
	It&apos;s a habit she picked up from back when she used Windows.
	Basically, every time she tried to shut down Windows properly, it would try to install a bunch of updates that she had no time to wait for and would not allow her to opt out.
	To avoid this, she began forcing the machine to shut down without using the proper shutdown sequence.
	My best guess as to the unsaved files is that Mousepad in Debian 7 is not saving to disk when we expect it to.
	Instead, it&apos;s saving it to <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> or something, so without a proper shutdown, it never gets saved to disk.
	I hope they fixed that issue in Debian 8.
	We need to get her upgraded (she wants to upgrade anyway because she likes the login screen on my Debian 8 machine better than the login screen on her own Debian 7 machine), but we should additionally get her switched to a better text editor.
	I think syntax highlighting would be helpful to her and she wants spell checking capabilities as well.
	Geany also auto-generates closing tags after you type the opening tags, which would help with her forgetting that all tags need to be properly closed.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F06-June%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

