<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Value Village closeout sale &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Value Village closeout sale</h1>
			<p>Day 00726: Thursday, 2017 March 02</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Before work, I headed to the second-hand store next door to my workplace to return the dysfunctional shredder.
		The cashier told me to go pick out an item of equal value to basically trade for, so I tried to do that.
		I found two baking dishes that combined would be of greater value, and planned to pay the difference.
		At that point, I realized that I don&apos;t have oven mitts.
		What good are baking dishes without oven mitts?
		The store didn&apos;t have any oven mitts for me to buy too though, so I&apos;d have to wait to use my new baking dishes.
		I also looked into getting a water-resistant coat, but the coats there were too expensive for me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I took my selections to the front counter, but it turned out that one of the baking dishes was part of a set.
		To buy it, I&apos;d need to locate the other piece.
		I didn&apos;t have time for that, I was already almost late to work.
		I asked if there was any way that I could save the credit for another day.
		I was almost certain that I couldn&apos;t and I&apos;d need to keep the shredder and return it another day.
		However, they put the money on a gift card for me.
		Why couldn&apos;t they have done that in the first place instead of asking me to go get an item of equal value!?
		Had they done that, I wouldn&apos;t have wasted time trying to find a second baking dish I liked; I&apos;d have just saved part of the credit.
		I didn&apos;t have time to spend part of the credit on the baking dish I wanted more and that didn&apos;t have a second piece either; there wasn&apos;t time, and they initially loaded the full credit on the card instead of applying part of it to the baking dish.
	</p>
	<p>
		At work, one of the customers asked me about my move, so I said that it went well, but I&apos;m still missing a few key items.
		They asked what I was missing, so I mentioned that I don&apos;t have a bed frame, oven mitts, and some other items that I don&apos;t recall.
		They said that the Dollar Tree has oven mitts.
		Nice!
		It&apos;ll take me some time to get over there, but they&apos;ll be less expensive than second-hand oven mitts for sure.
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems that Value Village, the second-hand store closer to my home, is going out of business.
		Sad.
		They&apos;re having a closeout sale on the eleventh, twelfth, and thirteenth though, and everything will be fifty percent off, so I&apos;ll go check that out.
		I&apos;ll probably try to make in in on the eleventh, when they still have the largest selection, but I&apos;ll also probably be going again on the twelfth as well.
		A friend from work invited me to go along with themself and another friend from work.
		It&apos;s a great excuse to hang out for a bit, so I don&apos;t want to miss that, but I also want to get a chance to check out the larger selection.
	</p>
	<p>
		Once I got home, I spent the rest of the night washing laundry and working on coursework.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My <span title="Ethics and Social Responsibility">PHIL 1404</span> reading assignment for the week is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://pistes.revues.org/3156#tocto1n1">1. Introduction</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://pistes.revues.org/3156#tocto1n2">2. What is bullying at work?</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://pistes.revues.org/3156#tocto1n4">4. Causes of bullying at work</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://pistes.revues.org/3156#tocto1n5">5. Consequences of bullying at work</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s14-01-racial-discrimination.html">Racial Discrimination</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s14-02-gender-discrimination-and-occu.html">Gender Discrimination and Occupational Segregation</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s14-03-discrimination-inferiority-ver.html">Discrimination: Inferiority versus Aptness</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s14-04-the-diversity-of-discriminatio.html">The Diversity of Discrimination and Victimization</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s14-05-the-prevention-and-rectificati.html">The Prevention and Rectification of Discrimination: Affirmative Action</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s14-06-case-studies.html">Case Studies</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s15-01-is-there-anything-special-abou.html">Is There Anything Special about Sex?</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s15-02-bad-sex-harassment.html">Bad Sex: Harassment</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s15-03-drugged.html">Drugged</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s15-04-the-organization-wants-you-to-.html">The Organization Wants You to Use Drugs?</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org/books/business-ethics/s15-05-case-studies.html">Case Studies</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

