<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Registering for next term&apos;s courses &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Registering for next term&apos;s courses</h1>
			<p>Day 00729: <time>Sunday, 2017 March 05</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A bicycle
				</li>
				<li>
					A bicycle helmet
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>A trash bin</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>A recycling bin</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					A scrubbers
				</li>
				<li>
					Towels
					<ul>
						<li>
							Hand towels
						</li>
						<li>
							<del>Bath towels</del>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					Some sort of container to keep socks and underwear in
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>A shower curtain</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>A shower curtain rod</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					A broom
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					The post office (change of address forms)
				</li>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
				<li>
					My boss
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I completed my reading assignment and <a href="/en/coursework/PHIL1404/#Unit6">learning journal entry</a> before going to bed last night, just after midnight.
		I&apos;d hoped to have it completed before then so I could go to bed sooner, but honestly, I didn&apos;t use my time as efficiently as I should have yesterday morning.
		Once I woke up, I packed my work uniform and headed to my mother&apos;s house to clean the bathroom, wash the dishes, and (I guess) provide company to my mother&apos;s cat for a bit.
		On the way to my mother&apos;s place, it snowed.
		Joy.
		I hate snow; it&apos;s cold and wet.
	</p>
	<p>
		When I got to my mother&apos;s house, my mother&apos;s cat was excited.
		It might have been lonely or it might have missed me, but I suspect the former.
		Perhaps I&apos;m just projecting though; I have no strong ties to the cat.
		Honestly though, back when I lived there, the cat preferred my company over my mother&apos;s; my mother&apos;s too controlling, even towards the cat.
	</p>
	<p>
		The dishes were lower than they would have been had I still been living there.
		There was about a week and a half worth of cooking dishes, but almost no eating dishes due to my mother having switched to paper plates in my absence.
		I cleaned all of the dishes save for one plastic straw, which would need to be soaked in bleach.
		I didn&apos;t want to stay that long.
		I scrubbed the bathroom sink, counter, and toilet, all by hand.
		I accidentally dripped cleanser in the cat&apos;s water bowl, so I washed that out as well and gave it fresh water.
		I should have scrubbed the floor and the shower, but that will have to wait until another trip.
		Being in that house ...
		It makes me sluggish and very easily distracted.
		I had to get out of there.
	</p>
	<p>
		Once I got home, I started working on my <span title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</span> coursework, but after setting up the page for the <a href="/en/coursework/CS1101/bool.py.xhtml">assignment</a> and having just updated the navigation menus and <a href="/en/coursework/">coursework index</a> to account for my new course registrations, I finally started a side project I&apos;ve been meaning to work on.
		Every time I need to add a course or assignment, I have to edit two different files.
		One is the coursework index and the other, among other things, controls the navigation menus.
		I have to search through both files and make sure to make the insertions in the right places.
		For now, it&apos;s not too bad, but making two edits instead of one wastes time.
		As my coursework list grows, it&apos;ll also take longer to find the right place to add the new entries.
		I&apos;m done with that now.
		I now have code set up so I can make a single insertion, and the scripts will take care of the rest for me.
		It took a couple hours to set up; programming always takes longer than I think it will.
		I completed it just before I had to head in to work though.
	</p>
	<p>
		I haven&apos;t updated my to-do list to account for recent events lately, so after work, I took care of that.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I forgot to register for courses yesterday, so I registered for them today.
		<span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span> seems to be a course on Java.
		Ew, Java.
		I will need to know Java to develop mobile applications though, so this refresher course will be a good thing, even if unpleasant.
		In addition to <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span>, I also registered for <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span> as planned.
		I almost couldn&apos;t find <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span> in the list of available courses; the list seemed jumbled and disorganized.
		It turned out the courses were alphabetized by course name though, not course code.
		I&apos;ll have to keep that in mind for next registration period so I can more quickly locate the courses I need.
		I&apos;ve updated my course tree to reflect the new registrations, but there hasn&apos;t been any update to the courses I plan to take:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li><a href="/en/coursework/#CS1101"><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 1101</span>: Programming Fundamentals</a><ul>
			<li><a href="/en/coursework/#CS1102"><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 1102</span>: Programming 1</a><ul>
				<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 1103</span>: Programming 2<ul>
					<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 1104</span>: Computer Systems<ul>
						<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 2204</span>: Communications and Networking<ul>
							<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4404</span>: Advanced Networking and Data Security<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
						</ul></li>
					</ul></li>
					<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 2205</span>: Web Programming 1 <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
						<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 3305</span>: Web Programming 2 <em>(proctored course)</em><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
						<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4405</span>: Mobile Applications<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
					</ul></li>
					<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 2301</span>: Operating Systems 1 <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
						<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 3307</span>: Operating Systems 2<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
					</ul></li>
					<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 2401</span>: Software Engineering 1<ul>
						<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4403</span>: Software Engineering 2<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
					</ul></li>
					<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 3303</span>: Data Structures<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span><ul>
						<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 3304</span>: Analysis of Algorithms<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span><ul>
							<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4406</span>: Computer Graphics <em>(proctored course)</em><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
							<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4407</span>: Data Mining and Machine Learning <em>(proctored course)</em><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span><ul>
								<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4408</span>: Artificial Intelligence <em>(proctored course)</em><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
							</ul></li>
						</ul></li>
						<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 3308</span>: Information Retrieval <em>(proctored course)</em><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
					</ul></li>
					<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 4402</span>: Comparative Programming Languages<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
				</ul></li>
				<li><span class="needed-for-associate">CS 2203</span>: Databases 1<ul>
					<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">CS 3306</span>: Databases 2 <em>(proctored course)</em><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
				</ul></li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
		<li><span class="needed-for-associate">ENGL 1102</span>: English Composition 2 <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
		<li><a href="/en/coursework/#HIST1421"><span class="needed-for-associate">HIST 1421</span>: Greek and Roman Civilization</a></li>
		<li><span class="needed-for-associate">MATH 1201</span>: College Algebra <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
			<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">MATH 1211</span>: Calculus<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
		</ul></li>
		<li><span class="needed-for-associate">MATH 1280</span>: Introduction to Statistics <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
		<li><span class="needed-for-bachelor">MATH 1302</span>: Discrete Mathematics<span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span></li>
		<li><a href="/en/coursework/#PHIL1404"><span class="needed-for-associate">PHIL 1404</span>: Ethics and Social Responsibility</a></li>
		<li><a href="/en/coursework/#UNIV1001"><span class="needed-for-associate">UNIV 1001</span>: Online Education Strategies</a></li>
	</ul>
	<ul>
		<li><span class="needed-for-associate">Any one of these:</span><ul>
			<li>BIOL 1121: Biology 1 for Health Studies Majors</li>
			<li>BIOL 1301: Introduction to Biology</li>
			<li>ENVS 1301: Introduction to Environmental Science</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Any <span class="needed-for-associate">one</span> (<span class="needed-for-bachelor">two</span><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span>) of these:<ul>
			<li>ECON 1580: Introduction to Economics</li>
			<li><a href="/en/coursework/#POLS1503">POLS 1503: Globalization</a></li>
			<li>PSYC 1111: Introduction to Human Psychology</li>
			<li>PSYC 1205: Emotional Intelligence</li>
			<li>PSYC 1504: Introduction to Psychology</li>
			<li>SOC 1502: Introduction to Sociology</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Any <span class="needed-for-associate">one</span> (<span class="needed-for-bachelor">two</span><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span>) of these:<ul>
			<li>AHIST 1401: Art History</li>
			<li>ENGL 1405: World Literature</li>
			<li>PHIL 1402: Introduction to Philosophy</li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Any <span class="needed-for-associate">two</span> (<span class="needed-for-bachelor">five</span><span title="required only for the bachelor degree, not the associate degree">*</span>) electives<ul>
			<li><a href="/en/coursework/#BUS1101">BUS 1101: Principles of Business Management</a><ul>
				<li>BUS 1102: Basic Accounting <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong><ul>
					<li>BUS 2203: Principles of Finance 1 <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong></li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>BUS 1103: Microeconomics <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong></li>
				<li>BUS 1104: Macroeconomics <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong></li>
				<li>BUS 2201: Principles of Marketing <em>(proctored course)</em> <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong><ul>
					<li>BUS 2207: Multinational Management<ul>
						<li>BUS 4403: Business Policies &amp; Strategies <em>(proctored course)</em> <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong><span title="Multiple prerequisites required">***</span></li>
					</ul></li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>BUS 4402: Organization Behavior <em>(proctored course)</em> <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong></li>
				<li>BUS 3306: Business and Society<ul>
					<li>BUS 4403: Business Policies &amp; Strategies <em>(proctored course)</em> <strong>(must score 2.67/4.0 or higher)</strong><span title="Multiple prerequisites required">***</span></li>
				</ul></li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

