<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>I got the stove working! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I got the stove working!</h1>
			<p>Day 00731: <time>Tuesday, 2017 March 07</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="advertisements">
	<h2>Unsponsored advertisements</h2>
	<p>
		Marc With a C just released a new single called <a href="https://soundcloud.com/marc-with-a-c/song-for-the-sad-girls">Song For The Sad Girls</a>.
		They released it on four different websites, but not their usual Bandcamp page.
		Unfortunately, the song has no license if gotten from three of them, while on the fourth (linked to above), there doesn&apos;t seem to be a way to download it.
		It&apos;s under the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported">CC BY 3.0</abbr> license, but you can&apos;t actually download it; you can only listen using the Web interface.
		I tried looking up download instructions, which said I needed an account to download anything, but that not all songs are available for download.
		Someone wouldn&apos;t place a song under a free license though and disallow downloading though, would they?
		So I set up an account.
		On the first registration page, I was asked for my age.
		Why does that even matter?
		Apparently, the age must be numeric, cannot have more than three digits, and must be over thirteen.
		I chose &quot;999&quot;.
		On the next page, I was asked for my gender.
		Why do they even care!?
		After seeing the minimum of thirteen part on the age thing, I thought that maybe they were just trying to keep young people out.
		Y&apos;know, because a ten-year-old can&apos;t read the error message saying that you must be at least thirteen, then change the number to thirteen and submit again.
		But there&apos;s no reason for them to ask for a gender.
		However, they list four options for your gender: &quot;male&quot; (which is a sex, not a gender), &quot;female&quot; (which is also a sex and not a gender), &quot;prefer not to say&quot;, and &quot;custom&quot;.
		After selecting &quot;custom&quot;, you can enter whatever you want!
		If they&apos;re going to ask you for your gender, that&apos;s exactly what they should do: let you actually specify something instead of demanding you choose a binary option or claim to prefer not to say.
		Some of us don&apos;t fall into one of the binary categories, but that doesn&apos;t mean we&apos;re not wanting to say what we are.
		It took forever for the confirmation email to get through, which was required for completing account setup.
		At least they actually confirm email addresses though.
		It sucks when I get emails from other people&apos;s accounts because some idiot website didn&apos;t make sure that the email address provided actually belonged to the account holder.
		Once everything was set up, I went back to the song page to find ... no download link.
		I still couldn&apos;t download the song.
		What the heck!?
		I ended up finding a third-party &quot;downloader&quot; website, and using that.
		It didn&apos;t actually download the song to send me though, I think it just located the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of the song on SoundCloud&apos;s other-domain server, then gave me the link.
		With that, I could download it directly from SoundCloud.
		SoundCloud&apos;s complicated page code just made it too difficult for me to find that link myself (though I did try).
	</p>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I fixed the stove today.
		I really didn&apos;t want to get blamed for the fact it was broken, so I did my best to figure out why it wasn&apos;t working.
		I removed the busted burner and examined it, finding a break in the metal.
		That must be the issue, right?
		With that piece broken, the circuit was incomplete.
		Except ... after trying to bend the metal back into place for a while to bride the gap, I noticed that it didn&apos;t make sense for electricity to flow through that spot.
		If it did, it&apos;d short circuit the burner and no power would pass through the heating element.
		That break was mostly cosmetic.
		Perhaps it held the power plugs in the right position though.
		Putting the burner back in, I found that it quickly heated up this time.
		My best guess is that the property managers took the burner off to clean under it after the last tenant moved out, then didn&apos;t make sure it was replaced properly.
		They either broke the metal when they took it out or some previous tenant broke it at some point.
		Without the metal intact, making sure the burner is connected properly takes a little more effort.
		In any case, I now have a working main burner!
	</p>
	<p>
		SafeLink messaged me today.
		They&apos;ve cut of my service, even though it&apos;s not quite April yet.
		When I have time, I should apply for service with another provider, but I don&apos;t have time today or tomorrow.
	</p>
	<p>
		Speaking of not having time tomorrow, I gave up my only day off this school week (tomorrow).
		I had plans to catch up on the ungraded exercises I&apos;ve been unable to complete the past two weeks, but I might have to settle for simply getting my graded work and exercises from this week done.
	</p>
	<p>
		My electric bill came today.
		It claims that I owe them four dollars from last month, and that that payment&apos;s overdue!
		I still have my receipt from last month though, so I&apos;ll have to show them that I payed my bill in full last time.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My program advisor wrote to me today, suggesting I pay my tuition bill and saying it&apos;d only take a minute.
		A minute?
		More like two hours!
		I&apos;ve already sent my payment though, all I can do is wait for it to make its way through the mail.
		I wrote back, saying about as much:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			Dear <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>,
		</p>
			Ha ha, it takes a lot longer than a minute!
			I have to run to the credit union to get a cashier&apos;s cheque, which is about half an hour there and the same back, then run to the post office to mail it, which is another half hour there and another back.
			It takes about two hours to pay, not a minute.
			PayPal locked up my credit card.
			They refuse to allow me to pay the university.
			Until University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> offers a way to pay by credit card that *isn&apos;t* through PayPal, it&apos;ll take about two hours to pay every term.
		<p>
		</p>
		<p>
			On a more serious note though, I&apos;ve already sent the cashier&apos;s cheque.
			I&apos;m not sure how quickly it&apos;ll reach the school; all we can do is wait.
		</p>
		<p>
			Thank you,<br/>
			~ <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>
		</p>
	</blockquote>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

