<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>Limiting my use of characters in URIs &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Limiting my use of characters in <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s</h1>
			<p>Day 00734: Friday, 2017 March 10</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		<code>https:</code>- and <code>http:</code>-scheme <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax isn&apos;t really defined.
		At all.
		<abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 3986 defines general <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax, which includes potential delimiters for specific schemes to use, and <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 7230 sets aside the schemes themselves for use to identify Web files.
		However, without scheme-specific syntax defined, it&apos;s hard to say whether it&apos;s fine to use sometimes-delimiters in Web addresses.
		It&apos;s not technically <strong>*disallowed*</strong> though, so at first, I used an apostrophe in the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of my essay submission for the week.
		I later realized that was a bad idea and changed it though.
		The problem is the ambiguity.
		On one side of the argument, you could say that the ambiguity prevents us from knowing whether these characters need to be encoded in <code>https:</code>-scheme <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
		Perhaps they&apos;re <strong>*required*</strong> to be encoded, but perhaps they&apos;re <strong>*required*</strong> to be unencoded.
		We just don&apos;t know, so it&apos;s safest to avoid those characters altogether.
		I take the other side though.
		I think both options are allowed.
		And that&apos;s where <strong>*my*</strong> reason not to use them comes in.
		They&apos;re both allowed, but unless your Web server is set up to handle all potential delimiters as having a meaning outside of <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> itself, the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> with the encoded character and the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> with the unencoded character will point to the same file.
		Unless you have a special setup, keeping one and only one <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> pointing to the page requires that you not use these ambiguously-allowed characters.
		Sure, having use of a slightly-larger character set is nice, but not when it causes ambiguity issues, such as having a page under two <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
		(Which <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> is the correct one?)
	</p>
	<p>
		I was supposed to stop at the credit union before work, but due to my variable work schedule, I thought that I was supposed to head into work an hour after I was really supposed to leave.
		I caught the mistake just as I was headed out, and had to head strait to work instead of hitting up the credit union first.
		I&apos;ll just have to hope the cash I have on hand is enough for tomorrow, when I go to the Value Village sale.
	</p>
	<p>
		I had a customer come through the drive-through with the smallest order I&apos;ve seen so far: a single cup of marinara sauce, which costs fifty cents.
		I think that&apos;s our cheapest item, so I&apos;m not going to see any smaller orders later, either.
		Later, a customer placed an order at the menu board, and when I asked them to pay at the window, they instead drove off.
		I had no choice but to cancel their order.
		Later, they came by to pick it up, but obviously, we didn&apos;t have it.
		They ended up having to wait again just because they didn&apos;t listen the first time and pay for their order.
		If you don&apos;t pay for your order, we can&apos;t make it for you.
	</p>
	<p>
		Toward the end of the night, the power went out on us.
		Right as I got my mobile&apos;s flashlight turned on though, the power came back.
		A later customer reported seeing emergency vehicles including ambulances, so it&apos;s possible someone hit a power pole or something and knocked out our electricity for a few seconds.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve written up a first draft of my <a href="/en/coursework/PHIL1404/Caveat_emptor_and_the_McDonald~s_coffee_case.xhtml">essay</a> for the week, though I haven&apos;t completed the reading assignment yet.
		I might add more details if I come across something useful in the textbook later.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

