<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>Sock and underwear drawers &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Sock and underwear drawers</h1>
			<p>Day 00735: Saturday, 2017 March 11</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A bicycle
				</li>
				<li>
					A bicycle helmet
				</li>
				<li>
					A scrubbers
				</li>
				<li>
					Towels
					<ul>
						<li>
							Hand towels
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Some sort of container to keep socks and underwear in</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					A broom
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					The post office (change of address forms)
				</li>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
				<li>
					My boss
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I had plenty of cash for the Value Village sale after all, partly because they&apos;re so cleaned out by now.
		They had absolutely nothing that I was actually looking for.
		I did pick up three pairs of black pants for work though, sort of as a last-minute decision.
		I rip my pants occasionally, for example, at work last night, so it&apos;s nice to have spare pairs on hand.
	</p>
	<p>
		On the way home, I stopped at a yard sale I happened to see, and bought a set of those white, plastic drawers, so I now have a place to store my socks and underwear, or at least many of them.
		I also picked up three nice bath towels there.
	</p>
	<p>
		I forgot to bring my second-hand store in-store credit card with me as I&apos;d planned to, so I wasn&apos;t able to pick up the baking dish I wanted.
		Perhaps tomorrow.
	</p>
	<p>
		Lately, I&apos;ve been working on deciding tertiary elements to use in my Floraverse-based stories.
		According to Floraverse cannon, <a href="http://floraverse.com/wiki/elements/">tertiary elements</a> exist, though what exactly those elements <strong>*are*</strong> isn&apos;t defined in cannon.
		At work today, while washing dishes between customers, I tried to decide on what Acid and Clay would make when mixed.
		I&apos;ve been working in alphabetical order, and that&apos;s where I&apos;m stuck.
		I&apos;ve come up with several out of order, but I try to focus most of my thoughts on the elements on one specific element combination at a time so I don&apos;t have to remember all the undefined combinations at once.
		For inspiration, I tried breaking Acid and Clay into their primary elements and rearranging them a bit. Acid is Fire * Water and Clay is Earth * Water, so the only other way to arrange these elements is (Water * Water) * (Earth * Fire), which is to say, Lava * Ice.
		That&apos;s another combination I stared at for a while on several occasions though and came up with nothing for.
		Combining Earth, Fire, Water, and Water isn&apos;t an easy task; I&apos;m skipping it for now.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

