<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>I love it here! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I love it here!</h1>
			<p>Day 00738: Tuesday, 2017 March 14</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A bicycle
				</li>
				<li>
					A bicycle helmet
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Scrubbers</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Towels</del>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<del>Hand towels</del>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					A broom
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					The post office (change of address forms)
				</li>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
				<li>
					My boss
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		This morning as I was working on coursework, I heard the sounds of a lawn mower outside and I realized something awesome.
		Here in an apartment, I don&apos;t have to deal with yard maintenance!
		I like a lawn full of several short, non-grass plants such as clovers, as long as they&apos;re not ugly plants that spread wide leaves to kill everything, like dandelions.
		Tall grass isn&apos;t all that appealing though.
		I don&apos;t have time or desire to engage in lawn care, so it&apos;s very nice to have someone else dealing with it for me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I used to think I wanted a roommate.
		It&apos;d make rent a bit cheaper, and the company wouldn&apos;t be that bad.
		After living here a while though, I&apos;ve changed my mind.
		At least for the time being, living alone is worth the cost.
		I may try out having a roommate at some point, but for now, I like my current situation.
	</p>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t use my mobile to its full potential without a home server.
		It&apos;s been months since I&apos;ve had one, and I&apos;m starting to forget many of the benefits, but CalDAV and CardDAV were pretty big.
		Without them, I kind of wonder if having mobile service is even worth it.
		However, I need the mobile service for its very slow Internet connection.
		My electric bill isn&apos;t as high as I feared though.
		My mother always made it out like the bill was super high, and maybe with six people living in the house, it was.
		On my own though ... with my low electric bill, maybe I can spend some money on cable Internet service.
		I&apos;d discontinue my mobile service, as I don&apos;t need both, my maybe I could have a high-speed connection again and a home server!
		With a home connection, I&apos;d set up at least two things.
		First, a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> node, preferably an exit node.
		Second, an open Wi-Fi router.
		If I have an exit node, I might just set up the router normally; otherwise, I&apos;ll need to find a way to pipe the connection through Tor so any guests aren&apos;t coming from my <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address, but a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	</p>
	<p>
		I picked up some second-hand dish towels before work today.
		Slowly but surely, I&apos;m gathering the basics I need here at home.
		What I need most at the moment though is a bike.
		Once I have that, everything else will be easier to get for a couple reasons.
		Not only will long-distance trips take less time, I&apos;ll save time even on my daily commute.
		I&apos;ll have more free time!
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed that my mother came to stay over at my place and did nothing but complain, saying the way I&apos;d set up my apartment was dysfunctional.
		They also covered my counter with vases so I couldn&apos;t use my counter top and laid claim to one of my blankets, which they planned to take home with them when they went.
		Vivian, Cyrus, and Vanessa stayed over too, and I was heavily reminded of how our mother complains about Vivian and Cyrus&apos; place as well.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

