<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Yst Dawson fades and Alex Yst takes further form &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Yst Dawson fades and Alex Yst takes further form</h1>
			<p>Day 00744: Monday, 2017 March 20</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		It seems my T-Mobile plan&apos;s still set to expire on me, despite my having added funds to the account.
		The dumbed-down interface T-Mobile requires tablet account-users (as opposed to smartphone account-users) doesn&apos;t have the option of starting up the plan that it&apos;s already on, either.
		I&apos;ll have to wait &apos;til tomorrow (is the line actually expiring at midnight this time?) when the line&apos;ll be fully down to try then.
		Of course, if I can&apos;t get it working, I&apos;ll pester T-Mobile support again. I paid them $30.75 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> yesterday, so they&apos;re either going to make sure I can get my account going or they&apos;re giving my money back.
	</p>
	<p>
		I tried to contact the cable company today to ask them more questions.
		Mostly, I want to know if the price will stay low after the first year without continued yearly service agreements and I <strong>*need*</strong> to know if I can set up an account without my Social Security number.
		Their live chat form seems to be busted today though.
		It was working the other day ...
		In any case, asking questions will have to wait.
	</p>
	<p>
		I forgot to mention, but the other day, Discover sent me a postal letter telling me the information about my authorized user, Yst Dawson, is incomplete and they want me to complete it.
		I can&apos;t perform any update without providing a Social Security number though.
		I&apos;m not looking to link a second identity to the account.
		I&apos;m not looking for a joint account, I&apos;m looking to authorize myself, under my preferred name, to spend my money!
		I can&apos;t update the name to reflect my own name change either.
		Anyway, I pulled up a live chat with a Discover representative today to try to get information about and resolve the issue.
		Long story short, Discover no longer has the option to add authorized users, as I already knew, and now only has the option to add partial-joint account holders with their identities tied to the account.
		Furthermore, if I don&apos;t downgrade Yst from being an authorized user to being a partial-joint account holder by adding their Social Security number (which is actually my own, but that name isn&apos;t tied to my Social Security number so they won&apos;t accept it), they&apos;re going to deactivate Yst&apos;s card on me.
		I&apos;m taking this opportunity to cut ties with Discover.
		My Discover card&apos;s cost me a lot of money in domain name fees for domain names that I haven&apos;t actually been able to use, so it&apos;ll be nice to have that liability eliminated anyway.
		As Discover&apos;s proven they won&apos;t always block transactions when they say they will, closing the account&apos;s the only way to be sure to put the domain name charges behind me.
		I haven&apos;t closed the account just yet though.
		It could be useful for a couple more things strictly because it&apos;s getting canceled soon.
		For example, if I manage to get my T-Mobile account fixed, I might be required to set up autopay again.
		However, I can set up autopay on the dying card, so autopay can never actually get through, and there&apos;s no risk to me or my money.
		I&apos;ll simply pay in person every month and T-Mobile&apos;ll only <strong>*think*</strong> they&apos;ll be able to charge me automatically if I forget.
	</p>
	<p>
		I spoke with a representative at Chase the other day to ask them about authorized users on their accounts.
		For chequing accounts, they require the authorized user come in in-person.
		It&apos;s not really possible for me to prove my real name yet though until I get it changed in court, which I&apos;ll likely do at some point.
		And once I <strong>*can*</strong> prove who I am, I&apos;ll no longer have any use for an &quot;authorized user&quot; card; I&apos;ll simply use a debit card from a credit union, most likely.
		As such, I can&apos;t get one of Chase&apos;s chequing accounts to fit my needs.
		Besides, if the authorized user has to prove their identity, they&apos;re not an authorized user at all; they&apos;re a partial- or full-joint account holder, which is exactly what I&apos;m <strong>*not*</strong> looking for.
		However, there&apos;s a difference in how they handle chequing account &quot;authorized users&quot; and credit card account authorized users; that is to say, the credit card accounts are actually <strong>*able*</strong> to have authorized users added.
		I thought I&apos;d have to wait to know if I was approved, but they actually let me know right away that I was approved, how much my line of credit&apos;s limit would be, and what interest rate they&apos;d charge.
		Both the card issued to my real name and the card issued to my birth name will arrive in the mail in about a week.
		Though I&apos;ll be canceling my Yst Dawson credit card, my Alex Yst card will be in my wallet probably before the next time I buy something online!
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

