<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>I seem to be losing my ambidexterity! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I seem to be losing my ambidexterity!</h1>
			<p>Day 00748: <time>Friday, 2017 March 24</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I was irritable all day at work, and at first, I didn&apos;t understand why.
		I finally figured out it was probably either the stressful situation with the school threatening to drop me from my courses next term, my nightmare last night, or both.
		Once the stream of customers slowed down, I was able to listen to my music whle cleaning the back, and that did wonders for my mood.
	</p>
	<p>
		I seem to be losing my ambidexterity.
		Originally, I was right-handed, but over the past three or so years, I&apos;ve been using my left hand as much as feasible.
		I&apos;ve gained proper strength and control in that hand, and for quite some time, have been able to use each hand about equally well, though certain tasks are easier for one hand while others are easier for the other.
		However, I cut a pizza with my right hand today, and found it didn&apos;t work so well.
		My right hand has atrophied a bit.
		I&apos;m becoming left-handed!
		I still have the motor control, just not the strength to back it up.
		In the beginning, I used my left hand for most everything because that hand had so much catching up to do.
		After becoming ambidextrous, I should have started trading off and using both hands, but out of habit, I stuck with my left hand.
		I need to be more careful about that.
		Being left-handed is okay, I guess, but what&apos;s the point in having one crippled hand like most people when I can instead have two fully-functional hands?
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed it was raining at my apartment, and three bike-riding strangers were outside.
		They hinted that they wanted to come in, but I didn&apos;t feel safe about that because I didn&apos;t even know who they were.
		Were these people safe to have in my home?
		I pretended not to know what they were after, and was about to close the door, but they pushed their way in.
		I guess they&apos;d be joining me for a bit after all.
	</p>
	<p>
		As they came in, I became aware of a television in my apartment.
		Why was there a television though?
		Even in the dream, I knew I didn&apos;t have one here, I <strong>*wouldn&apos;t*</strong> have one here.
		A television does me no good, only harm.
		I must have known on some level that this was a dream though, as I <strong>*willed*</strong> the television out of existence.
	</p>
	<p>
		It was late, so I headed to bed, leaving the strangers to entertain themselves.
		I woke up to find my mother cutting my hair without even talking to me about it first!
		My mother knew that the only way they&apos;d be able to cut my hair to their desired style was to cut it when I was unable to turn them down.
		I was horrified as I looked in the bathroom mirror.
		My hair was a mess, only partly cut, and there wasn&apos;t anything I could do about it.
		Originally, I started growing my hair out because my mother threatened to boot me if I cut it to my desired style.
		Now though, I grow it out deliberately, as I want to try something new.
		It&apos;d take months to regrow what they cut off, but my hair was now horribly uneven and had several groups of strands that were double the length of the rest of my hair.
		I couldn&apos;t cut those off, either, as that&apos;d be even more hair to regrow and because it&apos;d give my mother exactly what they wanted.
		Normally, I like to make people happy, but if you do something intentionally wrong, I want to make sure you&apos;re not rewarded for it.
		If you&apos;re rewarded for it, it gives you no incentive not to do it again.
		It teaches you that wronging others is a working strategy.
		How did my mother get into my home, anyway?
	</p>
	<p>
		I went out to check on the strangers in the living room, saw them sitting and talking amongst themselves, then awoke from my dream.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My program advisor replied to my letter to the billing department today.
		I&apos;d been going to write directly to my program advisor today anyway to try to expedite the resolution the issue, as the billing department hasn&apos;t responded, time is short, my program advisor has said I can write to them about anything, and my program advisor is already known to respond.
		I&apos;d be patient and wait, but there&apos;s no time!
		In any case, my program advisor has somehow been brought into the loop, and they say they&apos;ve contacted the relevant department ... which should be the billing department that I already wrote to.
		I&apos;m not sure if their email system sent my email to my advisor after screening it based on the &quot;from&quot; address, or what, but I&apos;m thankful for their help.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

