<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>Sorting old mail &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Sorting old mail</h1>
			<p>Day 00752: Tuesday, 2017 March 28</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A broom
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
				<li>
					My boss
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			<ins>Switch Kubbi subscription over to new credit card</ins>
		</li>
		<li>
			<ins>Go pay other credit card bill (card was charged for Kubbi subscription)</ins>
		</li>
		<li>
			<ins>Get old school to reissue reimbursement cheque</ins>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		The lanyard vendors seem to be a bit dense.
		I told them several times what text I want on the lanyards, but they just didn&apos;t seem to get it.
		I think the angle brackets in the text are somehow confusing them.
		In any case, I sent them a copy of the preview image their site gives me when I enter my desired text.
		That showed them clearly and exactly what I&apos;m after, and their next &quot;proof&quot; came out perfectly.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother emailed me asking when to come by, but then didn&apos;t respond to my response for hours.
		I didn&apos;t know when they&apos;d drop by, so I didn&apos;t want to start up a task I&apos;d be unable to put down easily.
		I decided to start sorting my files, which have become particularly unruly since we left Coos Bay.
		Without a stable home, I didn&apos;t have my files set up as they should&apos;ve been, and everything pretty much ended up in a deal-with-later pile.
		Having completed work on the newer file mess and still not having heard back from my mother, I moved on to my old files.
		They were full of old letters I&apos;d never properly dealt with, among other things.
		I was always too tired and lifeless to actually open mail that I thought I knew what was.
		Sorting it, I found so much stuff I should&apos;ve handled right away.
		I found tax forms I never used.
		I found insurance offers I never claimed.
		I found notices from my credit union about overdraft fees.
		In Coos Bay, I started putting my money in another financial institution, meanwhile, my Discover card continued to pull from my credit union account.
		My Discover card was pulling more than I realized, due to my old domain registrar continuing to pull funds from my Discover card without my knowledge.
		I found notice of several consecutive overdraft fees, and I could have, at a minimum, prevented all but the first if I&apos;d been reading my mail.
		I found my old credit union credit card that I thought never arrived.
		To be fair though, when I requested my old card be marked compromised and a new card sent, the credit union never responded, so I wasn&apos;t on the lookout for the new card.
		To this day, my request is still marked on the credit card management website as an outstanding help request and hasn&apos;t been officially dealt with.
		I found a cheque from my old school from when they overcharged me.
		They refunded the difference, but I missed it at the time.
		I later found that cheque after it&apos;d expired, but they wouldn&apos;t reissue it without a telephone call.
		I forgot to keep pestering them once I had more free time.
		I also found a piece of Cyrus&apos; paperwork that somehow got mixed into my stuff.
		I&apos;ll need to find a way to get it back to them at some point.
		I didn&apos;t finish sorting <strong>*everything*</strong>, but I made huge progress and am mostly done.
		It could be some time before I get back to the rest, but I doubt I&apos;ll be adding more to the queue any time soon.
	</p>
	<p>
		Eventually, my mother got back to me.
		They hadn&apos;t received my messages because their data connection had been turned off and they didn&apos;t realize they&apos;d need it on to receive messages.
		Of course, if my mother hadn&apos;t been idiotic enough to sign up for continued service with a carrier that charges overage fees, they wouldn&apos;t need to turn their data connection off at all.
		A carrier that simply slows down the connection if you go over is so much more convenient, not to mention so much less expensive.
		This also explains why my mother thought I didn&apos;t respond to them yesterday when I did respond in a very timely manner.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother now wants to come over Thursday to do laundry instead of today.
		That&apos;s my only day off this work week, so they must&apos;ve canceled the Portland trip after all.
		They did stop by to drop off the bags of food they don&apos;t want though.
		Most of it was saltines, pasta, and candy canes.
		I&apos;d actually been wanting pasta for a while now, but I needed to finish a jar of jelly before I opened a can of marinara.
		That way, I can put the remainder in a nice jar instead of leaving it to chemically react with the tin can it came in.
		I forgot though; my plans on that had changed.
		One of the shift leaders said I should jack some marinara from work.
		We stopped selling bread sticks without marinara, so whenever someone wants bread sticks but no dipping sauce, they have to pay for the marinara anyway.
		Often times, they leave the sauce with us to sell to someone else.
		In other words, not only did a shift leader recommend I take it, this sauce has also already been paid for.
		Before work, I ate the last of my jelly on a sandwich, then took the small jar with me to fill with the red pasta/pizza sauce.
		After work though, after I got some of the spaghetti wet in a pan, I remembered I have no colander.
		I made it work, but I should get a colander at some point soon.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m actually considering the stupid contracted Internet service again.
		This time though, I&apos;m approaching the topic with a bit more reason than last time.
		Specifically, if they raise my bill after the service term and contract expires, I leave.
		In part, this&apos;ll be an experiment.
		Today though, while sorting mail, I found an ad for a different company.
		Stupidly, they too require a service contract, but they&apos;re also offering less expensive service.
		I&apos;ll probably go with their service instead.
		That said, I don&apos;t want to rush into a decision.
		I&apos;ll wait until my mother leaves town to sign up for contracted Internet service.
		In part, this is an arbitrary wait period.
		In part though, this specific period is important.
		My mother&apos;s bipolar, or at the very least acts like it.
		They said they won&apos;t take me with them, but I think they&apos;ll change their tune.
		I need to stand up for myself and say I&apos;m not going.
		If need be, I can cite my improved mental state here and that I still need time to fully recover from our toxic relationship.
		However, what I <strong>*can&apos;t*</strong> do is have something to fall back on, a crutch of sorts.
		I can&apos;t be locked into a contract, as I can then say &quot;sorry, I&apos;m locked into a contract for the year&quot; and cite that as my reason for staying.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve also been thinking about include.d&apos;s <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> classes.
		Are they even really useful?
		At least most of them, probably not.
		I strongly considered discontinuing that branch in Git and ending that little subproject.
		However ... the actual production of them serves a purpose.
		The making of those classes leads me to learn the details of scheme-specific <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax, which I otherwise have no motivation to do.
		I&apos;d like to finish up the <code>/URI_research/</code> section of my website and put that chapter to rest.
		I&apos;ll probably pick up a more useful project after that, such as building a listing of vegan items available at non-vegan restaurants, useful when eating out with non-vegans that choose the restaurant.
		I&apos;ve actually been meaning to do that for a while.
		I also need to continue on my story planning; I&apos;ve thrown out some of my old element ideas and restructured my plan of completion.
		I&apos;m now focusing on one element at a time in Floraverse order.
		The first element is Fire, so I&apos;m mainly looking at mixed elements that involve Fire.
		I&apos;m stuck on Fire * Plasma, which admittedly, is the first tertiary elemental combination.
		I&apos;m sort of thinking about other combinations involving Fire at the same time, but that one combination is my main focus.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

