<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Spending the day with my mother &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/03-March/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Spending the day with my mother</h1>
			<p>Day 00754: Thursday, 2017 March 30</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I type in a mix of Statesian English and English English (British English), and my spell checker doesn&apos;t like that.
		If I tell it to check in English without telling it whether I mean English English, Statesian English, or Canadian English, it figures I must mean Statesian English and highlights all the valid English English words not present in Statesian English.
		I&apos;m done with this for now.
		I&apos;ve switched my spell checker to use the real English, English English, and will try to consistently use English English spellings for the time being.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve come up with the solution to my unbreaking pick recipe problem.
		I&apos;m copying an old, defunct Minetest mod, <a href="https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?t=2535">Infinity Tools</a>, a bit.
		They offer a new node for use specifically in crafting their unbreaking tools: the infinity block.
		After crafting lots of mese together to get compressed mese, two compressed mese need to be crafted together with an iron ingot to get an infinity block, one of three you&apos;ll need to craft a pick from.
		Instead of compressed mese, I have white mese, which is crafted in the same way.
		By today&apos;s standards though, it&apos;s nine times as much mese due to <a href="https://forum.minetest.net/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&amp;u=1580">Vanessa Ezekowitz</a>&apos;s modification to how mese works.
		Initially, they really screwed up the mese system, but eventually, they fixed it and everything worked out.
		They never really did understand how broken their new system was on a logical level, as far as I can tell, but they saw some unrelated issues caused when older maps were used with the newer game.
		Making the game compatible with older maps just happened to involve correcting the issue in the logic of the game as well.
		The break in logic had been a compatibility workaround to make older mods still function with the newer game, so when the even newer game was made compatible with older maps and older mods without that hack, it was removed.
		It&apos;s also worth noting that that didn&apos;t fix the entire issue with the new mese system, but I see the rest&apos;s been fixed while I was away from the game.
	</p>
	<p>
		That got a bit off topic, but it&apos;s pre-<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">event</a> history, so I can&apos;t simply link to my previously-stated thoughts on the change, and leaving it out entirely makes for an incomplete story.
		Anyway, in addition to nine times as much mese being required for my version of compressed mese, my new nodes require twice as much compressed mese, in addition to more compressed diamond than compressed mese.
		I&apos;m calling these new nodes &quot;diamese&quot;, a very dense alloy of diamond and mese.
		These nodes <strong>*can*</strong> be placed in the world, but they can only be removed with a diamese pick.
		Anything else is just too weak.
		A diamese node requires 324 mese crystals and 405 diamonds to make, so a diamese pick requires 648 mese crystals and 810 diamonds to make.
		Surely, no one will complain that this pick is too easy to acquire.
		I&apos;ll need to actually draw up a texture for that node though.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother came to visit for the day, and we went on a short hike.
		That didn&apos;t last long though, as the rain started up.
		We went back to my place to do their laundry and talk a bit, and they asked me about the good knife they gave me.
		What knife?
		As it turns out, the food bags they brought over yesterday had a nice surprise in one of them, an old dollar store knife.
		These knives are honestly the best kitchen knives I&apos;ve ever seen.
		I&apos;m not sure how they ended up at a deep discount store, but we&apos;ve not seen them in any store, save for rarely in second hand stores, for decades.
		I left some drink mixes in a couple of the bags, and in not emptying them completely, I&apos;d missed the knife.
	</p>
	<p>
		When I went to check out the knife, I found an email from my boss as well.
		They wanted me to pick up a shift today.
		Normally, I&apos;d&apos;ve jumped on the opportunity for more hours, but I couldn&apos;t really go with company over.
	</p>
	<p>
		After the laundry was completed, we went out to eat at a mall, then went to a Goodwill second-hand store in Eugene.
		I found a mobile battery there for a dollar.
		It was the right brand, but could it possibly be the right <strong>*size*</strong>?
		I wish these batteries had the mobile model number printed on them.
		Thankfully, I had my mobile on me; I haven&apos;t always been carrying it lately.
		Due to the poor battery life, it&apos;s got to stay in airplane mode most of the time, so if I&apos;m not using it as a music player or camera, what&apos;s the point?
		The battery fits almost perfectly.
		I&apos;d say it&apos;s slightly lose, but that&apos;s only noticeable because I was looking for it.
		The device even powered on with the new battery!
		The new battery&apos;s kind of curved while the cracked battery is more rectangular on the edges, but it&apos;s close enough of a match to function.
		As I took it out to pay for it though, I noticed definitive proof that it&apos;s the wrong battery.
		My mobile and the cracked battery have four metal connectors each; the new battery has three.
		How does my mobile even turn on with this battery?
		In any case, I bought the battery anyway.
		Who knows, maybe this battery&apos;ll be better than the cracked one I&apos;ve been using, even if it&apos;s not quite right.
	</p>
	<p>
		Hanging out with my mother all day wasn&apos;t bad at all.
		I guess they&apos;re fine in smaller doses.
		They get to be a bit much when we&apos;re in the same house, but living apart, I can escape at the end of the day.
		In fact, I didn&apos;t even feel the <strong>*need*</strong> to escape.
		When we were living together, our outings were always on the edge of uncomfortable for me, but this time, everything felt fine.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I waled past someone in the driver seat of a motor vehicle, parked in a driveway, with the door open.
		They held a laptop playing a Floraverse video; a new update.
		I was too busy to stay and watch, but what I did catch was surprising.
		For starters, Floraverse had found the voice actors they were looking for!
		I&apos;d thought it was a third-party fan work that needed voice actors, but it turned out to be Floraverse proper.
		Secondly, Doctor Neon had actually died, and Jupet had actually brought them back to life.
		Jupet wasn&apos;t sure if what they&apos;d brought back was the original Neon though, and not a new entity created by reanimating the body.
		Doctor Neon seemed completely sure they were the original, but how would you actually know?
		If your memories are stored in your brain, and your body including your brain is brought back online, you&apos;d have most of your memories and personality from before.
		There could be some loss either from decomposition, damage from that which killed you, or restructuring from that which brought you back, but you could be mostly the same with only unnoticeable differences.
	</p>
	<p>
		It&apos;s also worth noting that Neon was brought back as a living stripegoat, not as an undead zombie stripegoat.
		I don&apos;t think Jupet has that power.
		It&apos;s also worth noting that it isn&apos;t Floraverse that made mention of a third-party use of their universe needing voice actors; it was <a href="https://peppercarrot.com/en/article401/voicing-contest-by-morevna-team">Pepper&amp;Carrot</a>.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F03-March%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

