<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/02-February/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Interesting progress &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/02-February/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/02-February/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/02-February/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/02-February/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Interesting progress</h1>
			<p>Day 01081: Tuesday, 2018 February 20</p>
		</header>
<section id="luck">
	<h2>Lucky number day</h2>
	<p>
		The lucky ending digit for this week is seven.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest</h2>
	<p>
		Most of today was spent studying maths, but I did take a break to tinker with and play Minetest for a while.
		I made some interesting progress.
		For starters, I modified <code>minestats</code> to now display a page worth of stats on the <abbr title="heads-up display">HUD</abbr>, if a stats page is open in the inventory menu.
		That means the inventory menu itself doesn&apos;t need to be open to monitor those stats, so you can mine and watch your stats at the same time instead of taking a break from mining to take a peek at how much you&apos;ve dug up so far.
		I&apos;ve also finally found a way to detect and count saplings, and after generalising it a bit, I accidentally got the mod counting farm seeds as well.
		I&apos;d certainly wanted to get those counted, though that wasn&apos;t my direct goal yet when generalising the sapling-detection code.
		Coral remains undetectable, but the main reason I want to count it is that it&apos;s a material available in finite quantities.
		Renewability isn&apos;t detectable, so with the seeds, saplings, minerals, and farm crops all counted now, there&apos;s really nothing more that can be done, detection-wise.
		Secondly, I invented a hybrid mode that combines all of what I like about non-creative mode with most of what I like about creative mode.
		That which I couldn&apos;t take from creative mode was the lack of worry about running out of goods, as that&apos;s provided by the unlimited ability to spawn materials.
		The main thing I love about non-creative mode is that it <strong>*doesn&apos;t*</strong> have that.
		It&apos;d be nice if non-creative mode offered renewability of all materials in some other way though.
		This new mode takes non-creative mode and modifies it, allowing stack sizes to grow without the arbitrary limit of 99, so they can grow as large as the engine allows, which is 65535.
		That way, storage isn&apos;t as much of an issue, and you don&apos;t have to head back to base as often while mining.
		However, as you lose all your items in Minetest Game when you die, carrying more stuff means you also carry greater risk.
		The mode also eliminates the concept of tool wear.
		I wouldn&apos;t mind tool wear if materials weren&apos;t finite, but as-is, tool wear leaves me trying to precisely calculate everything before I dig, and even worse, before I build.
		It sucks a lot of the fun out of the game for me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve also given up on the idea of hosting a public world for now.
		Instead, I&apos;ve finally started a permanent private world.
		It&apos;ll be a lot less stressful, as a lot of the mod ideas I have revolve around trying to mitigate perceived damage other players could do to my world.
		Furthermore, I don&apos;t have a great Internet connection.
		If I run a public world, I&apos;ll have to host it on a <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr>, and much of the time, I either won&apos;t be able to connect or I&apos;ll keep getting disconnected.
		If my world is private, I can and will keep it local, where I can reach it more easily.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="domain">
	<h2>Domain name</h2>
	<p>
		I mentioned a while back wanting to buy a domain, and even having decided which one to get.
		The plan was to buy it on March 07, but I&apos;ve changed my mind.
		I don&apos;t really need it right now, and I don&apos;t think I&apos;ll be getting a <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr> for a while.
		With no <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr>, the second domain name would be all but useless for the time being.
		I might as well not waste my money.
		I might get it another time when my situation is different, assuming the domain is even still available, I remember what it is, and I haven&apos;t decided on a different one instead.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F02-February%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F02-February%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

