<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/a/licensing.xhtml"/>
		<title>Website component licensing &lt;https://y.st./en/a/licensing.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Website component licensing</h1>
			<p>The licenses that apply to this website and individual files</p>
		</header>
<p>
	As a whole, this website is offered to you under the terms of the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> General Public License version Three.
	At your option, you may instead use any later version of this license, as published by the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr>.
	I may not like the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> because of their noxious attitude toward the freedoms needed with non-software, but their software license fits the needs of this website well.
	Additionally, individual files may be under additional and more permissive licenses.
	If the file is in a text-based format that allows comments (for example, <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr>, <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>, and JavaScript), the license information that applies to that file will be in the comments.
	<abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files additionally have this information in the footer, though this would break $[CSS] and JavaScript files, so you&apos;ll just have to read the comments of those.
	Files with paths ending in &quot;.asc&quot; are released as-is.
	They&apos;re signature files and you may not have the private key that I used to sign my pages.
	If you edit my pages and wish the edited version to be signed, you&apos;ll need to sign with your own key as to not misrepresent me.
	That said, the signature files are still under the same license as the rest of the website, so if you wanted to use them for something, you&apos;d be able to, though I can&apos;t fathom what they&apos;d be useful for.
	The <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> file also doesn&apos;t specify a license, but again, is covered by the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr> with no signing key provided.
	The non-text files of this website have typically been stored using file paths that reference both the license and the domain that the file originated from.
	There has been one exception to this, and that has been any image that is referenced in <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files using the <code>&lt;link/&gt;</code> tag (directly (in the case of the website icon) or indirectly (in the case of images used in <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>)).
	As of <span title="Day 00697: Wednesday, 2017 February 01">2017-02-01</span>, this exception has been corrected.
	All non-text files are dual licensed under the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr> and a license specified in the path.
	The path format is as follows:
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		/{tag}/{license}/{domain}/{image}
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	{tag} is the <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> tag used to reference the file, and is mainly for internal use.
	It won&apos;t apply to your use outside of this website.
	{license} is the abbreviation of the name of the license that applies in addition to the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr>.
	This will usually be either a <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> or <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> license with a particular version number.
	{domain} will be the domain in which the image originated from.
	In cases where the image didn&apos;t originate from this domain, I&apos;ll usually include more complete attribution in the <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> file that references the image.
	{image} can be anything that completes the path.
	It may contain one or several nested directories and will contain the file name including the file extension.
	This information, like {tag}, may not be meaningful for your purposes and can be thrown away.
</p>
<p>
	For your convenience as well as mine, a couple Git repositories exist that show this website&apos;s code in full:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>
		<a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./y.st.">On Volatile Git</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		<a href="https://notabug.org./y.st./y.st.">On NotABug.org</a>
	</li>
</ul>
<p>
	As of late, these repositories have not been seeing daily updates.
	Be patient though, updates are made available about monthly.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fa%2Flicensing.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fa%2Flicensing.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

