<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>A split weblog entry &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A split weblog entry</h1>
			<p>Day 00026: Thursday, 2015 April 02</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I downloaded a <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> album from <a href="http://www.thekyotoconnection.com/">The Kyoto Connection</a>.
	At the time of writing this, I have not yet converted it to Vorbis, which is a thing I need to do before shipping it to my mobile for later playback.
</p>
<p>
	I just pledged $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per song to Josh Woodward.
	At that pledge level, he offers to credit you in his videos and link to a <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of your choosing.
	<a href="https://www.patreon.com/creation?hid=2101201&amp;rf=673484">I have asked that he link back to this site.</a> $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per song is a little steep considering the fact that I usually pay $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> <strong>*per album*</strong>, but I&apos;m calling this a combination good deed and advertising budget expense.
	When I made the post, Patreon stripped the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> from the sentence it was in, making the sentence a bit incoherent.
	It seems they added a link to the top of the post, but it&apos;s a bit harder to notice so I reposted it.
	While composing the post, Patreon also grabbed the copyright statement from the bottom of my page and showed it to me, possibly as a warning that I would be answering to the copyright holder (which is myself) if I was misusing the info there.
</p>
<p>
	As I have requested a link back to this place, I needed to clean up the index page.
	That requires an updating of the site, which results in a premature uploading of this weblog entry.
	I may add more below after the day is actually over.
	The <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> page will also be updated by this.
</p>
<p>
	[Later today:]
</p>
<p>
	Soon after updating the site, I looked up the code needed to convert the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files to Vorbis format.
	Speaking of Vorbis format, I&apos;m going to ask Josh Woodward later if he could start uploading his work in Vorbis format again.
	He used to upload in both Vorbis and MP3 formats, but lately, he has fallen back to only uploading in MP3 format.
	Now that I&apos;ll actually be paying the guy, I feel less bad about begging him to put in that little bit of extra effort.
	As a downloader of gratis music, I really had no right to ask for more, but as a paying customer, I think I should be allowed to politely ask (though not demand) that he consider using the Vorbis format again.
	I will wait until he responds to my first request about including a link to this site before commenting on the lack of Vorbis files though.
	I don&apos;t want to seem overly demanding all at once.
</p>
<p>
	I have now taken the final step toward canceling my mobile service.
	I contacted support and asked how cancellation with that carrier worked.
	Specifically, I asked if service needed to be explicitly canceled or if failing to pay (the service is prepaid, not postpaid) would kill the account without harmful effects.
	The carrier sort of asked me for photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> when I registered, so I don&apos;t need some sort of damage done to my reputation.
	It seems that if the account is not paid, it enters a 60 day period of suspension.
	After that, the account ends.
	Alternatively, the customer can contact support and explicitly say they want to cancel the account, and it will be terminated on the spot.
</p>
<p>
	Once my service ends, I will be free to drop off everyone&apos;s telephone radar.
	As I have said before to many people, there are only three groups that I should hand my number over to: my registrars, my current/potential employers, and my mother (She refuses to send <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> to email despite it being far easier to work with on my end.
	She insists upon sending <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> to my telephone number instead.).
	My new registrar/registry, nic.st, doesn&apos;t even ask for a telephone number and does not put it in the public whois database.
	As a result, I am no longer required to have a telephone number to hold a domain! I may avoid getting new service altogether, or I may get a number that I keep private, only giving it to employers and my mother.
	Anyone else that tries to demand I give them my telephone number will simply be told that I do not have a telephone.
	Even if I decide to get new mobile service, this will technically be true even, as mobile devices are not really telephones at all; they are small computers.
	They accept calls, but most laptop and desktop machines can accept telephone calls too if equipped with the right software and service for them is paid.
	That does not in any way make these machines telephones.
	A computer is simply able to perform a wide variety of tasks and mobile devices come with the needed software preinstalled.
	Anyway, the telephone number system is idiotic, and until we switch over to <abbr title="Session Initiation Protocol">SIP</abbr> addressing or something, I refuse to bind my identity to a telephone number any more than I absolutely have to and no one has the right to try to force me to.
</p>
<p>
	I have now <a href="https://twitter.com/YstDomain/status/583743690860007424">attempted to reach out to GitHub on Twitter</a>, as they won&apos;t respond when I try to contact them through the Web form on their site.
</p>
<p>
	I registered on the <abbr title="Electronic Frontier Foundation">EFF</abbr>&apos;s website to participate in their campaigns.
	I had an account before, but I lost it when I lost my passwords on the dead hard drive.
	Much to my surprise, I found that the net neutrality campaign is over.
	We&apos;ve won! Last I knew, the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr> had agreed to reinstate net neutrality, but congress was still potentially going to overrule the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr>.
	That nightmare is over for the time being though.
	There may very well be another attack of this magnitude on the Internet again in the future, but for now, the Internet is safe.
	Some of the <abbr title="Electronic Frontier Foundation">EFF</abbr>&apos;s campaign pages require the entry of a telephone number before they will allow submission and send email letters to government representatives.
	Telephone numbers have nothing to do with email and should not be required.
	I have written to the <abbr title="Electronic Frontier Foundation">EFF</abbr> about this issue.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

