<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>An ownCloud instance installed &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>An ownCloud instance installed</h1>
			<p>Day 00027: Friday, 2015 April 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I finally set up my ownCloud instance.
	I had one before, but it was lost when my hard drive died on me.
	I was going to download the archive and set it up manually, as I feel this offers the most flexibility in terms of allowing multiple instances and prevents the installation of the configuration file that automatically makes the ownCloud instance available at <code>/owncloud/</code> on every website hosted by the machine.
	I mean, honestly, ownCloud should only be present at one location if it is a single instance, not present once for every site hosted.
	I decided that I don&apos;t really need multiple instances of ownCloud and the ownCloud site <a href="https://owncloud.org/install/#instructions-server">recommends installation by package</a>.
</p>
<p>
	Since I was going to be installing from a package, I figured I might as well get the most benefit possible from doing that.
	Updating ownCloud would be easiest if I added the <a href="http://software.opensuse.org/download/package?project=isv:ownCloud:community&amp;package=owncloud">ownCloud repository</a> to Aptitude, so that&apos;s what I did.
	As expected, installing the ownCloud packages caused a configuration file adding ownCloud access to all hosts on the machine, so I removed the symbolic link pointing to that.
	The <a href="https://doc.owncloud.org/server/7.0/admin_manual/configuration/database_configuration.html">ownCloud documentation</a> was helpful for setting up the needed MySQL database.
	Once installed, I found that the calendar and contacts modules, which had been the reason I installed ownCloud, were seemingly missing.
	As it turned out, they weren&apos;t actually missing though, just disabled by default.
	Last time I installed ownCloud, it had been from a different repository (the Debian 7 backport repository), so it makes sense that this time it would have different default configuration.
	Enabling these modules was easy, and everything appears to be in working order.
</p>
<p>
	The obvious places for me to put my ownCloud instance were <code>o.y.st</code> and <code>c.y.st</code>, either way over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>.
	I decided to use <code>o.y.st</code>, as &quot;oyst&quot; might be short for &quot;oyster&quot; or something, but a cyst is a negative medical condition.
	<code>c.y.st</code> is still one of my more valuable host names due to its short length, but I will avoid using it for now.
	With <code>o.y.st</code> taken, it won&apos;t be usable for my OpenID server if I ever get around to setting that up, but I might put that at the unpronounceable <code>i.y.st</code>.
</p>
<p>
	My mother asked me about logging that one Geocache event that her friend is trying to get people to log that they will attend.
	I explained that the Geocaching website is refusing to allow me to log, but tried again with the same results.
	I have now posted in the Geocaching forum asking for help, but it&apos;s doubtful help will arrive.
	Once the post leaves the moderation queue, I&apos;ll likely get bogus responses about how I need to take down my proxy.
	That is not happening.
</p>
<p>
	I was trying to find PehJota&apos;s Jamaldo script, which I would then have to figure out the dependencies to.
	There are no instructions for set up, and by default, it throws errors due to missing software.
	The problem is that while PehJota is quite helpful and will tell you what you need if you ask, I keep losing the list of dependencies for one reason or another.
	I&apos;m getting a bit embarrassed that I have to keep asking.
	This time, while looking for his script, I instead found a <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/jamendo-album-downloader/">Jamendo album downloader Firefox add-on</a>.
	For my particular use case (I don&apos;t disable JavaScript like I honestly should), this add-on is a bit easier to use.
	Unfortunately, the source code is hosted on Gitorious, which is disappearing in May.
	No one has touched the source code since August, and I fear it will get deleted without anyone noticing.
	I have downloaded the source for safe keeping, and if needed, I will upload it to my Git host once I manage to find a suitable Git host to keep my stuff on.
	I still recommend <a href="http://git.pehjota.net/jamaldo/jamaldo.git/">Jamaldo</a> if you prefer a command line tool and want your Vorbis comments normalized.
</p>
<p>
	I need to get together a &quot;to do&quot; list at some point.
	For now, I&apos;ve jotted down a few things I need to make happen, and I&apos;ll add to it as I come up with more.
</p>
<p>
	As of tonight, I am still <a href="/a/canary.txt">not being oppressively censored</a>.
</p>
<p>
	<strong>*EDIT (2015-12-10)*:</strong> This page once held a hyperlink to the &quot;to do&quot; list, but when I moved this website from <a href="/en/domains/quystystxtvdgyst.onion.xhtml">quystystxtvdgyst.onion.</a> to <a href="/en/domains/authorednansyxlu.onion.xhtml">authorednansyxlu.onion.</a>, I did not keep the list public.
	As such, the link has been removed from this page.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

