<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Now I feel like a fool &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Now I feel like a fool</h1>
			<p>Day 00029: Sunday, 2015 April 05</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Josh Woodward got back to me, and it was my misunderstanding of his system that was to blame.
	It seems that normally, he waits until funds are sent to him (Patreon send funds at the end of each month), at which point he updates his list of $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> or more per song contributors.
	He then uses this new lists going forward.
	This means that if someone starts funding him at the beginning of the month as I did, they will not be credited in any songs produced that month.
	However, the flip side of that is that if someone stops funding him at the beginning of the month, they <strong>*will*</strong> be credited despite not paying for those songs.
	I bring this up not as a suggestion of how to abuse an artist, as Josh Woodward is someone that I would very much like to remain a part of the free music community, but as an illustration of how his policy is constant (or seems so from where I see it).
</p>
<p>
	He did add me to the video though, but he did so under my legal name, not my Patreon account name.
	I have no problem with this whatsoever, though it leads me to wonder where he found my name.
	Did he visit my site so see what he was linking to? If he had, he&apos;d have seen my name plastered across the top, though only if he visited before the server went down.
	(My mother took the server down due to a storm.
	She didn&apos;t want another surge killing my remaining hard drive, which would have left me in a pretty desperate state.) If I was going to link to a site, I would want to know what was on it first, though he would have needed to accept the self-signed certificate to get in.
	Does he get access to the billing information on the credit card I payed him with? My legal name and address would be listed there.
	Or was he dig a bit and run a whois query on me? I&apos;ll probably never know as I do not plan to ask.
	I&apos;m not exactly hiding, after all.
</p>
<p>
	I apologized to Josh Woodward for the confusion, and I&apos;m sure he&apos;ll understand.
	Still, I feel a bit bad, and to sort of make up for it a little, I&apos;ve moved his $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> music pack to the top of my purchase list.
	I was going to get a couple other albums first, but Josh Woodward&apos;s music pack was defiantly something I wanted to pick up.
	I certainly won&apos;t mind having <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/WrongSideoftheRevolution">Wrong Side of the Revolution</a> back in my play list.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of Josh Woodward&apos;s $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> music pack, I tried to buy it.
	<del>However, PayPal is being a pain again.
	I will argue with them some more.</del> <ins>Never mind, scratch that.
	I wrote up a post to send PayPal&apos;s way, but then tried the purchase again before sending it.
	I have no idea what&apos;s going on with PayPal&apos;s system as usual, but the purchase has gone through.</ins> Now I just wait for the ZIP file containing all Josh Woodward&apos;s songs to arrive by email.
</p>
<p>
	According to Wikipedia, <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Email_address#Syntax">dota are not valid as the first or last character of the local part of an email address</a>.
	This means I have been entering invalid email addresses in Web forms.
	Most of the time, I end the local part of the address with a dot.
	The Josh Woodward music pack may not arrive because I unintentionally supplied an invalid address.
	I do not want to pester Josh Woodward again though, so I will probably stay silent about this.
	It is, after all, my own fault for supplying an invalid address.
	Besides, paying for the songs was itself the goal, not acquiring the tunes.
	Josh Woodward makes his music available gratis in MP3 and (sometimes) Vorbis, so I&apos;ll just download the Vorbis albums where available.
	I don&apos;t really <strong>*need*</strong> the bonus pack, and the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files are available for download individually once you buy the music pack.
	(Who am I kidding? Eventually I&apos;ll be back and I&apos;ll buy the music pack again for the bonus pack at some point.).
</p>
<p>
	I had been using the trailing dot as a marker to indicate (to myself) that an email address given was based on the domain of the service I gave the address too.
	Not every one of my addresses is domain-based, so there needs to be a way to distinguish addresses that are not based on domains and addresses that are based on simply a bare <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> with no second level domain.
	The chances of collision are small, but I like to avoid setting up needless ambiguity.
</p>
<p>
	After Patreon wrote back to me, I did a bit more testing on my own.
	Their site was once again refusing to allow me to log in.
	It seems though that it&apos;s just that their JavaScript log in does not like auto-fill.
	The user must modify the contents of <strong>*both*</strong> the email address input <strong>*and*</strong> the password input.
	If the user relies on auto-fill for either one, the form simply won&apos;t submit, silently failing without so much as an error message.
	I have relayed my findings to the Patreon support team.
	It won&apos;t tell them exactly how to fix it, but it should give them a better idea of where to look than just &quot;your form is busted&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	Today, I withhold a little bit of information, but it is <a href="/a/canary.txt">not because of government force</a>.
	Instead, it is because no good can come from the information, but harm might.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

