<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Music and (maybe) money aquired &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Music and (maybe) money aquired</h1>
			<p>Day 00030: <time>Monday, 2015 April 06</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	It turns out that two days ago, when I tried to call Cricket&apos;s promotional card processing center number, I transposed the last two digits.
	As a result, I reached someone else.
	However, due to the fact that the company that I did reach also being a promotional card processing center, I thought Cricket had simply hired someone to do their card processing.
	The company I did reach had Cricket&apos;s card processing center&apos;s number though, which I compared against the number in my weblog which I had copied and pasted from the chat window when I was given it.
	It matched, proving that it was my error typing the number into the mobile, not Cricket&apos;s representative&apos;s mistake.
</p>
<p>
	Cricket&apos;s call center sounded very much like the one I had accidentally called.
	It&apos;s likely that they are handled by the same company, and I therefor would have had to wait until Monday to call anyway.
	The representative stood by the story that the card had already been mailed out.
	He said to call 855-266-8203 and report the card as lost in the mail.
	At this next call center, I was informed once again that the card had in fact been mailed out already, but also that due to how long ago it had been sent out, it had already expired.
	The representative agreed to reissue the card and to expect it in twenty-one days.
	That lands on April 27, which has been added to my notes.
</p>
<p>
	Did the card really get lost in the mail, or are the cards not being sent out in hopes that most people won&apos;t pursue them further? I would assume the former if it weren&apos;t for that customer the other day telling me about how no one she knows has been getting the cards.
	I asked one of my bosses about her expected card, and she had not received one either.
	The fact that they expire and cannot be changed for cash is pretty shady as well.
	It&apos;s clear that they don&apos;t want you to use the funds in time.
	By the time my &quot;new&quot; card is due to arrive, I will not have telepone service to report if it hasn&apos;t.
	Hopefully walking into a brick and mortar Cricket location will work if it comes down to it.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/#/">Josh Woodward</a> contacted me about the lost email containing download links to his music.
	He recognized both that it was a spam trap address and that the dot at the end made the address invalid.
	As I said yesterday, I was a bit too embarrassed by yesterday to write to him about it, but the fact that he wrote to me about it and knew what he was talking about really made my day.
	Via Patreon private message, he sent the five links that would have been in the email had I not used an invalid address format.
</p>
<p>
	Josh Woodward sending me those links really made my day after having had to spend the off-work part of the day dealing with people over stupid telephony.
</p>
<p>
	Today I <a href="/a/canary.txt">speak freely</a>, not a care in the world.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

