<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>A peek inside the proverbial treasure chest &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A peek inside the proverbial treasure chest</h1>
			<p>Day 00031: Tuesday, 2015 April 07</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The first of Josh Woodward&apos;s ZIP files finished downloading late last night, but I didn&apos;t have time to examine its contents much until today.
	The ZIP file appears to be too large for either Xarchiver or Xfce&apos;s &quot;Extract Here&quot; option.
	Xarchiver simply hangs unresponsively, appearing to be frozen.
	Xfce&apos;s &quot;Extract Here&quot; silently fails.
	My guess is there is just so much stuff in the ZIP file that these programs can&apos;t handle it.
	As usual, <code>unzip</code> on the command line works flawlessly.
</p>
<p>
	Once the files were extracted, I noticed that despite this being the full <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> version ZIP file, several MP3s were present.
	The first thing I did was sort all the files using Ex Falso to make them easier to look through.
	Five files had renaming conflicts due to sharing titles: <code>JoshWoodward-AmaranthineYouFly-2.mp3</code>, <code>JoshWoodward-AmaranthineYouFly-3.mp3</code>, <code>JoshWoodward-DeadCode-3.mp3</code> <code>JoshWoodward-DeadCode-4.mp3</code>, and <code>JoshWoodward-DeadCode.mp3</code>.
	The last three were obviously Josh Woodward&apos;s song <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/DeadCode">Dead Code</a>, which while is an awesome, nerdy, up-beat tune, is one I&apos;ve heard before.
	The former two were of more immediate interest, because I&apos;ve never heard that song.
	As the file names imply and the files&apos; meta data confirm, they contain a song called <code>Amaranthine, You Fly</code>.
	I have never heard of this song before, and it is not one that Josh seems to sell on <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/">his website</a> aside from in this bundle.
</p>
<p>
	I listened to <code>JoshWoodward-AmaranthineYouFly-2.mp3</code> first, and found it to be a haunting and beautiful instrumental song.
	I believed this to be the full song, not an instrumental version, as it was in the full version ZIP, but upon listening to <code>JoshWoodward-AmaranthineYouFly-3.mp3</code>, I found the song does have lyrics after all.
	I also listened to the Dead Code files, finding <code>JoshWoodward-DeadCode-3.mp3</code> to be instrumental, while <code>JoshWoodward-DeadCode-4.mp3</code> and <code>JoshWoodward-DeadCode.mp3</code> were the full version.
	On the command line, I used <code>diff</code> to verify that the two with-vocals Dead Code files were identical.
	Based on this, I think that the number appended to the file names represent how complete the song is.
	the &quot;4&quot; version of Dead Code became the final, while the &quot;3&quot; version didn&apos;t yet have vocals.
	In that case, the &quot;2&quot; version of Amaranthine, You Fly isn&apos;t missing vocals because it&apos;s the instrumental version, but because it&apos;s a snapshot from before the vocals were added.
	A <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> copy of the complete song is included, so I&apos;ll conver that to Vorbis and probably not touch the MP3s again.
	I might grab the instrumental version from the instrumental <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> ZIP file though because of how lovely it is.
	Why does Josh not sell this song along with the others though? It&apos;s a very beautiful piece and I think a lot of people would buy it.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I went through the albums to sort out the files that corresponded to Vorbis files I already have.
	I will keep the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files in storage in case I decide to create directive works or use them in videos or something, but for now, my goal was to find the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files that have no Vorbis counterpart on the site and create one to add to my music player.
	While doing this, I noticed that there was no &quot;Here Today&quot; album, but instead, a &quot;Here Today (Remixed)&quot; album.
	I can&apos;t hear any audible difference between the songs in &quot;Here Today&quot; and &quot;Here Today (Remixed)&quot;, but the songs differ in length by a couple seconds.
	I kind of wonder if &quot;Here Today (Remixed)&quot; is a legacy album title from near when Josh first redid his older albums.
	The <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files may not have been updated because they don&apos;t get seen as often.
	I debated about putting both versions on my player, but they are for all intents and purposes identical, so I stuck with &quot;Here Today&quot;, as it is already in Vorbis version.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I found the &quot;She Lost Her Wings&quot; and &quot;California Lullaby (Single)&quot; albums, both of which contained only a single MP3 file.
	I opted instead to just use the &quot;The Beautiful Machine&quot; album, which contains both singles and is in <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> format.
	I imagine these singles were likely released prior to The Beautiful Machine being released.
	It&apos;s likely that all the singles Josh has been releasing lately will likewise find their way onto the next album.
	&quot;Ashes&quot; and &quot;The Beautiful Machine&quot;, my two missing Woodward albums, were included in <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> format.
	&quot;Gangnam Style&quot; contained a single MP3, and &quot;Unreleased&quot; contained nothing but MP3s.
	Many of the songs in Unreleased were already added to The Beautiful Machine, so I just kept the copy from the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> The beautiful Machine.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly, I went through the files that were not part of an album, most of them due to missing album/song title meta data.
	Again, I found many duplicates between the missing-meta <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files and the &quot;Unreleased&quot; MP3s.
	I kept the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files, and my sorting was at last done.
	One file I expected to see, but didn&apos;t, was the alternate version of Golden Sunrise.
	It appears this version is reserved for people that sign up for Josh&apos;s mailing list and is available only in MP3 format.
	Ex Falso messes up the file names of any file missing a track title if the title is used in the naming pattern, so I fixed the file names on these files.
	I don&apos;t exactly understand the syntax of <code>find . -name &quot;*flac&quot; -exec oggenc {} \;</code>, but I used it to convert the files to Vorbis, then added the new music to my player.
</p>
<p>
	I will save the next ZIP file for another treasure hunt tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	Josh Woodward also released several new songs today.
	I can&apos;t really comment on them due to my line being tied up by the continuing download of his ZIPs.
	(They should be finished downloading by tomorrow.) The first is only a preview, so if you want to hear it, you&apos;ll need to join his Patreon fund-raising.
	The second is <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/TheRivalWithin">The Rival Within</a>.
	After posting these two songs, he sent out links to The Rival Within, <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/TooManyValleys">Too Many Valleys</a> (the song from the other day), and a new one called <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/HoneyedTongue">Honeyed Tongue</a>, a song present in the ZIP file but which I had not heard about before.
	I tried to load the videos to the songs, but the connection was just too busy.
	I did, however, notice that in the &quot;related videos&quot; section, a video for &quot;Amaranthine, You Fly&quot; showed up.
	I&apos;m not sure why it wasn&apos;t available on Josh&apos;s website at the time I checked for it, but it&apos;s not a secret song and very likely will be added to the site if it has not been already.</p>
<p>
	<a href="/a/canary.txt">Nothing happened today that the government is interested in trying to get me to hide.</a>
	I pretty much just explored awesome music files, unable to get online much due to continued downloading.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

