<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Please don&apos;t send me pizzas. I can&apos;t eat meat or cheese. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Please don&apos;t send me pizzas. I can&apos;t eat meat or cheese.</h1>
			<p>Day 00033: Thursday, 2015 April 09</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Twidere quit functioning on me after the update last night.
	I&apos;ve uninstalled it and installed  AndStatus.
	It may take a bit to get used to the differences, but it should work just fine.
	It certainly has one thing going for it at the very least: unlike the new version of Twidere, it doesn&apos;t crash every time it is started.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of glitches and malfunctions, it seems my mobile has taken up the habit of spazing out if it has been powered on too long.
	I haven&apos;t been paying attention to exactly the length of time, but it takes at least several days before any issues occur.
	Once problems arise, rebooting fixes everything.
	Why does my mobile have to reboot periodically? It&apos;s not running Windows, after all.
</p>
<p>
	Someone sent a Domino&apos;s pizza to my door under my legal name.
	Later, while I was away from home, apparently Pizza Hut also tried to deliver, though no one was home to receive the pizzas.
	we had just been discussing the availability of my postal address in my whois records on <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.club:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, and the timing lines up a little too well.
	I received email confirmations from both orders, and both were sent to the email address from my <a href="/a/contact.xhtml">contact</a> page, an email address I have never posted anywhere but there and have never used in the physical world.
	This means that the people sending these orders got my address and name from my whois records (or from the channel when someone posted a partial copy of my whois records there), but got my email address from my contact page, not the whois records.
	Please don&apos;t send me pizzas though, I&apos;m vegan and cannot eat meat or cheese.
	Much food was wasted today.
	Both orders were placed using different bogus telephone numbers, leading me to believe that two separate people were pranking me, not just one person pranking me with two orders.
</p>
<p>
	On <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.club:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, donkus asked if I own this domain.
	This statement here acts as proof that I do (though donkus said no proof was needed).
</p>
<p>
	Today, <a href="/a/canary.txt">no one prevents me from speaking my mind</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

