<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>The site is beginning to show some organization &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The site is beginning to show some organization</h1>
			<p>Day 00035: Saturday, 2015 April 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I finally got the links to the signature files set up on each <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> page.
	The &quot;Signature&quot; link in the upper navigation isn&apos;t the most obvious place for it, as it looks like it&apos;s a link to the same file on every page, but it was the best I could come up with for now.
	The alternative was to put it down near the bottom with the copyright statement with a description of what the signature was for, but I thought that might make it sound like I am trying to discourage modification of my pages, which very much is not the case.
	The signature allows you to know it came unmodified from me, but if someone wants to modify and redistribute my work, they by all means should.
	They simply shouldn&apos;t pretend that their version came unmodified from me.
</p>
<p>
	With the signature links out of the way, I was able to clean up the weblog index a bit.There&apos;s more to come, but for now, the month view pages now look like little <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars and you can click on the days to go to the pages they represent.
	The calendars are built using a custom function and a pair of nested <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> <code>foreach</code> statements, so they mostly update themselves.
	The custom function is similar to a class I once built, but that class was lost when the hard died on me.
	The new function is more flexible anyway, as instead of spiting out three dimensional array-objects where the third dimension holds random pieces of information about the calendar days that I thought was useful at the time, it instead spits out two dimensional arrays populated by raw timestamps.
	This means that the function does no extra processing to obtain data that may not be needed in a given context.
	It also means that the raw time stamp is available to process in any way that is needed at the time.
</p>
<p>
	The plan with the <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars is to first move their source into a single file, then extend the calendar-index pages to include pages for the years.
	The single source file for the calendar pages will basically just look for which directories need to be populated by an index, then glean information from the file names to figure out which month/year the index should represent.
	The year indexes will pretty much be the same as the month indexes, except that they will have up to twelve calendar pages on them.
	To aid in placement of these pages to best utilize the space, I&apos;ll make them float around a bit with <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>, shifting as needed based on the width of the page.It will be a simple touch that will leave the page still looking mostly unstyled, but it will look better for anyone with <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> enabled in their Web browser.
	As usual, nothing here will depend on <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> to function, and it will degrade gracefully.
	If <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> is disabled, calendar pages will not be displayed beside each other, instead being displayed above and below one another.
</p>
<p>
	It&apos;s worth noting that the calendars require a fixed-width font to display nicely.
	Most Web browsers that do not use <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> are text-based browsers, which tend to use a fixed-width font, so I don&apos;t anticipate any issues.
	Graphical Web browser tend to not use fixed-width fonts by default, but the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> on this site fixes that.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/">Josh Woodward</a> released another demo today, but I was much too busy to look into it.
	I haven&apos;t had time to check out his other new songs yet either, but if he keeps up these regular updates, I&apos;m sure to not forget about his music that is sitting in my backlog waiting for me to get to it.
</p>
<p>
	GitHub finally got back to me.
	They confirmed that my other three cries for help did not make it into their system, as I feared.
	My guess is that their Web form attempts to send the support request via email to some other system with the return address pointing back to the user&apos;s in box.
	Because I had accidentally entered an address in an invalid format, the letter was probably being rejected.
</p>
<p>
	I can&apos;t get into <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.club:6697/">Volatile</a> any more.
	As soon as I join, I am booted from the network for excess flood before I can even say a thing.
	I think the network has been misconfigured and has started treating my channel joins as messages.
	I autojoin eighteen channels, so that many &quot;messages&quot; all at once may be considered flooding.
</p>
<p>
	I tried AndStatus one last time, but as before, it crashed my mobile, so I removed it and installed Tinfoil For Twitter.
	Tinfoil For Twitter&apos;s interface seems a bit buggy, though the application just acts as a wrapper for Twitter&apos;s mobile site, so it may be Twitter&apos;s mobile site that&apos;s actually buggy.
	In any case, Tinfoil For Twitter doesn&apos;t seem like a viable option unless I was planning to read only (not retweet).
	I don&apos;t think I saw any other Twitter applications available besides those three.
	I might try Twitter&apos;s mobile site in the stock browser, but if that doesn&apos;t work, Twitter on mobile might not work out for me.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of mobiles, Cricket told me via <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> two nights ago that if I didn&apos;t pay them by midnight, they would cut off my service.
	That was a day ahead of when they were supposed to cut it off, but I wasn&apos;t going to fight them over one day.
	However, the service didn&apos;t get cut off anyway.
	I took this to mean that in the timezone the <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> message was sent from, it was sent after midnight so it really meant that my service was good until the end of tomorrow as it should have been.
	Now, it has been over 48 hours since I received that message, and I still have service.
	I&apos;m not complaining, but it&apos;s very odd.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve decided to put my Minetyst project on hold.
	The truth is, I&apos;ve been very busy with other things.
	Even if I did find the time to work on Minetyst though, I wouldn&apos;t benefit from it.
	My current computer overheats way too quickly and shuts off if put under any sort of strain.
	And Minetest puts that strain on it.
	I could build minetyst_game and set up a server, but I would be unable to play on it.
	What would even be the point?
</p>
<p>
	<a href="/a/canary.txt">The government has not stolen my right to free speech today.</a>
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

