<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>I forgot to upload my PGP key ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I forgot to upload my <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> key ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00038: Tuesday, 2015 April 14</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Apparently, I never added my <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> key to the key servers.
	My guess is that I got distracted dealing with the new pinentry issues.
	When I first set up my <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> key pair, I was in a rush to get a signed letter sent out.
	Pinentry was being a major pain, refusing to allow me to paste the password for the key I had <strong>*just created*</strong> so I could unlock the private key to sign the email with.
	I spent quite a bit of time finding a way around this antifeature, ant this provided a suitable distraction long enough that I forgot to upload the key.
</p>
<p>
	Seahorse provides the option of uploading your public key to two different servers by default, though more servers can be added pretty easily.
	The default servers are <a href="ldap://keyserver.pgp.com"><code>ldap://keyserver.pgp.com</code></a> and <code>hkp://pool.sks-keyservers.net</code>.
	The former refused my key with an error, but the latter took it right away.
	Note the different protocols on these <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s though.
	I think the first may have failed because the wrong protocol was being used.
	This is just a guess and I&apos;m not planning to pursue this, but perhaps editing the protocol on the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> would have fixed the issue.
</p>
<p>
	Today at work, I had my boss attempt to send me an <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> message, which surprisingly came through! Before that, I had tried to send myself an <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> message, but the outgoing message was blocked.
	I verified the other day that both incoming and outgoing voice calls are blocked.
	When I was on my way to the credit union today, my data connection went down for a bit, but otherwise, data connectivity has remained intact.
	In short, I cannot send outgoing <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>, but I can accept incoming <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>, my voice connection is cut off in both directions, and I have full data connectivity.
	I can&apos;t help but feel that my carrier only half-heartedly ended my service.
	This sort of limbo service status will likely end when the two-month suspension period ends and all chances to reconnect the line are lost, but for now, it looks like I&apos;m still partway connected.
</p>
<p>
	When I was heading out of work today, a customer in our lobby saw the bag that I always carry everywhere, and asked how many pizzas were in it.
	It was obvious from the shape of the bag that no pizza boxes can fit in it, but I simply replied that I had no pizzas on me.
	He next asked how many sandwiches I had in the bag.
	I pulled out the only food I had on me, and said that all I had were my potatoes and vegetables.
	He asked if why I didn&apos;t have food from our restaurant was because I was tired of the food we serve, presumably assuming I eat a lot of our restaurant&apos;s food because I work near it.
	Of course, I explained that, being vegan, I can&apos;t eat a single item on our menu because it all has either meat, cheese, or both.
	He insisted that I need meat, so I explained that I actually feel a lot better now that I don&apos;t eat it.
	He insisted that I need to accept that I am a man, and that men are carnivores.
	(He said &quot;carnivores&quot;, but I assume he meant omnivores; he had ordered a meat pizza which still had both cheese and grain.) He said that eating low-quality meat such as that found in fast food places will make you feel the negative effects, but that quality meat has no such effect.
	He said that coming from an Italian family, he ate good meat and was better off for it.
	I&apos;m honestly not sure what being Italian had to do with anything, but he said that people that say people don&apos;t need meat are stupid.
	I couldn&apos;t argue my real reason for becoming vegan in front of him given the setting, as I am vegan for ethical reasons.
	If I were to argue to a customer in earshot of my boss that it is unethical to eat anything on our menu, I would likely be fired.
	I need to wait until I land a better job to do that.
	However, the facts are quite simple to me.
	Animal products such as meat and dairy are not sustainable.
	I was willing to sacrifice my wellbeing for the greater good of the planet.
	The fact that my body now feels awesome is merely a pleasant side effect of my actions, not the end goal.
	If I could feel even better with an omnivorous diet, I still would decline.
	I choose to be an herbivore, and I do not regret my decision.
</p>
<p>
	After work, I dropped by the credit union to talk to a representative about the fact that my credit card has still not been marked as compromised, despite me having asked for it to be marked as such on the <a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/13.xhtml">thirteenth of last month</a>.
	I explained that I needed the card marked as compromised and a new card issued, and that it has been over a month since I asked through the Web interface that this be done.
	From the actions of the teller, I gather that this is not an action commonly performed for credit union members in person, as she had to call up some other department to ask for instructions on how to do it.
	Most people probably do this over telephony as recommended, as everyone seems to be married to the telephony system and doesn&apos;t see how idiotic such a requirement is.
	From the sound of it, she was able to immediately cancel the old card number, but she had to put in a request in a note attached to the card cancellation that anew card should be issued.
	The card people don&apos;t seem to be responding to written requests though (in the case of the one I wrote to them, anyway), so it&apos;s likely that the compromised number was indeed canceled, but that it could be a few months before the request for a new card is noticed and taken card of.
	To be honest though, I don&apos;t care, as long as the old number is no longer able to spend money in my name.
	I use cash in person, and my Discover card works most places online in the mean time.
</p>
<p>
	I got home to a message asking that I remove a name and <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> from yesterday&apos;s weblog entry for privacy reasons, a request that I have complied with.
</p>
<p>
	My mother loves <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messaging, but it annoys her that I use the <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> gateways whenever possible, as I hate <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messaging myself.
	The problem is that on her iPhone, and message going either direction shows up as an attachment on the receiving side.
	It used to annoy her when her friend with an iPhone would message her, as it would always come through as an attachment, but she decided to get an iPhone herself, and since then, the problem has been happening for messages to or from her through the gateway.
	As I can no longer send her <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> as she wants, and I had to reply to a message from her using email, I decided that I had better do some research in case an argument came up.
	I was dead sure that the problem was the iPhone, likely due to Apples goofy iMessage service.
	As it turns out, I was only half right.
	First of all, I was right that the problem exists only on the iPhone.
	However, <a href="https://community.verizonwireless.com/message/910369#910369">the problem is Verizon-specific</a>; it doesn&apos;t happen with iPhones on other carriers, meaning it isn&apos;t because of Apple&apos;s goofy iMessage system.
	To be fair, I don&apos;t know anything about iMessage, it was a stab in the dark based on some posts I read that said that users switching away from the iPhone do not receive <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages on the new device due to all their <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages instead being sent to Apple&apos;s servers.
	Since the iPhone seemed to be the common denominator in all this, and the problem involved <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>, I assumed it was due to the messages not being sent along the route that they should be sent (that is, directly from the carrier to the customer, not from the carrier to Apple, then to the customer), and that this middleman was mishandling the messages.
	This problem has been going on <a href="https://community.verizonwireless.com/thread/783773?start=0&amp;tstart=0">since at least 2012</a>, and Verizon still hasn&apos;t done anything about it.
	If you check the end of the thread, it&apos;s apperent that Verizon got tired of the continued complaints about the issue, but instead of fixing it, they <a href="https://community.verizonwireless.com/thread/783773?start=50&amp;tstart=0">Locked the topic in October 2013</a> so no more complaints could come in.
	If you read through the thread, there seems to be good evidence that iOS 5- did not have the problem even with Verizon service, but iOS 6+ does.
	The fact is, Verizon and an up-to-date iPhone are a losing combination, though I would argue that any device on Verizon or an iPhone on any network aren&apos;t a great idea either.
</p>
<p>
	Redactions were made today, but of my own free will, <a href="/a/canary.txt">not by government force</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

