<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>Pinentry came back to haunt me &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Pinentry came back to haunt me</h1>
			<p>Day 00042: Saturday, 2015 April 18</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I don&apos;t know why, but pinentry seems to be in use in my compilation script again.
	I will go back to the original plan of coding around it.
	Pinetry is a thorn in my side for no good reason.
</p>
<p>
	When I first set up the weblog <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendar index page, the plan was to have a different index page for each month.
	As a result, it made the most sense to fill the empty spaces at the beginning and end of each month with days from the preceding and following month, as that provided links to more total pages.
	However, with all the <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendar pages now being shown on the same page, all it&apos;s doing is creating redundant links and making it a bit harder to understand the navigation page.
	I&apos;ve now fixed that, so <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendar pages only display days actually appearing in the months the represent.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m not sure what is up with my mother, but she was trying to buy herself, my sister, and I each a new used computer.
	It makes sense that my mother and sister need new machines.
	My sister&apos;s laptop has a broken hinge and I think it is starting to have issues.
	My mother&apos;s machine has a virus, and it has been locked up for months.
	We can reinstall the system, but because my mother runs Windows, the Microsoft <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr> is likely to give us problems upon reinstallation.
	She told me to pick one out too though.
	I tried explaining that it seemed like a waste of money seeing as my computer is still functional, but she insisted.
	The main thing that got her to stop was me telling her that after buying the computer, the first thing I would need to do with mine is wipe the system and install a system that I could actually use (the computers on display all ran Windows or <abbr title="operating system">OS</abbr> X).
	I explained that until we got it home and wiped the system, I had no way to know if the hardware was compatible with Debian.
	Once the system is wiped, we likely cannot take it back.
	The people at the recycling center said that they some times have Zorin <abbr title="operating system">OS</abbr>, but that they are usually netbooks.
	My understanding is that netbooks are fairly useless for most tasks and that they really only work well as a way to access Web-based applications.
	There&apos;s also the fact that Zorin likely includes proprietary firmware, so Zorin running on a machine is no indication that Debian likely will.
	We were told though that if we came back at a time that both the pricing guy and the custom machine building guy were in (Monday through Thursday, excluding this coming Thursday), we could look into having a custom Debian machine being built.
	I don&apos;t need a new computer at the moment, but it seems I might be getting one anyway, depending on how much my mother pushes.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

