<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>My camera bugged up on me &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My camera bugged up on me</h1>
			<p>Day 00043: Sunday, 2015 April 19</p>
		</header>
<p>
	For some reason, the game Flare is not in my brother&apos;s Debian repository, but it is in mine.
	We are both running Debian 8, though I&apos;m on the 32 bit version and he is on the 64 bit version.
	I can&apos;t seem to find any rhyme or reason.
	I get booted from OFTC whenever I join the network, so I&apos;m not able to access <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23debian-next">#debian-next</a> to inquire at this time.
	My brother unfortunately wants to switch to Ubuntu, citing that it is &quot;easier to use&quot; due to the inclusion of the Ubuntu Software Center.
	Personally, I had issues with the Ubuntu Software Center back before I discovered freedom.
	Namely, many packages wouldn&apos;t show up in it, or if they did show up, would only show up on some installations.
	More importantly, there&apos;s the issue of Ubuntu activating the nonfree repositories by default.
	It seems there&apos;s no talking him out of it though, and it&apos;s his machine to decide what to do with.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve found that lately, my Replicant device&apos;s camera doesn&apos;t focus like it used to.
	Photographs all come out blurry and the manual focus option doesn&apos;t appear to work.
	I tried hitting the &quot;rotate camera&quot; option (not thinking it would help focus, but to test it none the less), and the whole camera application quit on me, stating that it couldn&apos;t connect to the camera hardware.
	Starting the camera application again made it automatically shut down again with the same error message, and rebooting didn&apos;t help.
	I thought I would have to wipe the device to fix the camera, and feared even that might not help.
	However, simply wiping the camera application&apos;s data solved the problem.
	As I write this paragraph, I tried the camera again, and it is focusing perfectly.
	I&apos;m not sure what determines if it will focus or not.
	Perhaps it is the lighting?
</p>
<p>
	I took a few days off from dealing with political issues, but it seems that the <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>s are at it again.
	I&apos;m told they have issued a total of five lawsuits and counting, and are additionally <a href="http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/04/republicans-seek-fast-track-repeal-of-net-neutrality/">trying to convince Congress to repeal the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr>&apos;s decision using a Congressional Review Act</a>.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m considering setting up a Web design operation here, or possibly at a new domain.
	I don&apos;t have time to start on the designing at the moment, but I looked into getting a certificate that won&apos;t throw errors in Web browsers.
	I tried to register an account with StartSSL, but their server seems to be having issues at the moment.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

