<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>It wasn&apos;t pinetry that was the problem, but KeePassX all along &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>It wasn&apos;t pinetry that was the problem, but KeePassX all along</h1>
			<p>Day 00045: Tuesday, 2015 April 21</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The Cricket rebate card came today.
	It seems they did send it this time.
	Maybe they did send it last time too, and it was just bad luck that it never arrived, but I cannot say for sure.
	There is still that lady I talked to that prompted me to even talk to Cricket about the issue in the first place, after all.
	No one she knew was recieving their cards unless they pestered Cricket about them.
	There&apos;s also one of my bosses, who also was promised a Cricket rebate card.
	I talked to my boss today, and she said that Cricket was playing games with her and refusing to send her card.
</p>
<p>
	The fact that they send cards that expire in a few months is also kind of lame.
	My guess is that they are counting on people not spending them in time, so Cricket gets to keep the remaining balance at the end.
	They probably also do it so they can charge merchants a processing fee for each purchase you make with the card.
	There&apos;s also the issue of cards making it easy to track you, though I doubt this was a major consideration for Cricket.
	It&apos;s possible that they want to see what you are buying so they can sell that information to advertisers, but I think the transaction fees and expiring funds are the most likely reasons for this behavior.
	In any case, I cashed my card&apos;s full funds out right away, so there will be no spend tracking (aside from tracking me to the location I made the withdrawal at) and no expiration of funds.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that pinentry is not actively trying to detect and reject password autotyping after all.
	Instead, the issue lies in KeePassX.
	KeePassX is trying to use at least two different keyboard layouts, presumably GB and US.
	I have no idea why it sometimes uses one and other times uses the other, but this is why pinentry sometimes accepts the autotyped password andothertimes does not: sometimes the correct passowrd is entered and other times it is not! After running <code>setxkbmap gb</code> on the command line, KeePassX behaves, and pinentry cooperates.
</p>
<p>
	I still think it was a poor design choice to prevent pinentry from allowing passwords to be pasted into the prompt, but I can live with that as long as I can autotype instead.
</p>
<p>
	My brother read the ingredients list on the vegetable oil spread I&apos;ve been using, which is something I apparently failed to do.
	The bloody stuff contains <strong>*milk*</strong>! I haven&apos;t wanted to admit it to myself, but I haven&apos;t been feeling great over the past week or so.
	I bet it&apos;s this stupid &quot;vegetable oil spread&quot; that has me feeling down.
	I need to remember to read the ingredients on <strong>*everything*</strong>, even if it seems obvious that it is vegan-friendly.
	I&apos;m vegan for environmental reasons, but the truth of the matter is that I discovered when I went vegan that milk has a very negative effect on my moods and energy levels.
</p>
<p>
	Josh Woodward released another song today! It&apos;s called <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/Aimless">Aimless</a>, though I think it was mis-uploaded.
	It&apos;s a lovely tune, but it appears instrumental.
	The song page includes lyrics, so until I&apos;m told otherwise, I have to assume the track was supposed to contain Josh singing those lyrics.
	I let him know of the error, so we&apos;ll see what he says about it.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

