<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Stressware, a coming free OS distribution. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Stressware, a coming free <abbr title="operating system">OS</abbr> distribution.</h1>
			<p>Day 00046: <time>Wednesday, 2015 April 22</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My website is currently set up kind of poorly.
	When updating it, I have to recompile every page on the entire site.
	As my weblog increases in size, the amount of time it takes to compile the site is also predictably extended.
	Now that compilation is no longer a pain as the <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> password entry issue is cleared up, the next logical step in building this site is to fix the build process so the site doesn&apos;t need to be completely rebuilt when updating.
</p>
<p>
	Another important thing to add here is OpenID management.
	I&apos;d love to be able to host my own identity here.
	The <a href="https://github.com/openid/php-openid">php-openid</a> package might be a good place to start as it is included in the Debian 8 main repository and should be easy to install.
</p>
<p>
	Last night, I told my biologist sister what I learned about human fingers and muscles, and she said that she was aware of the muscles embedded in the skin that are used to cause goose bumps, but was unaware that no other muscles are present in the fingers.
	She continued that goose bumps are actually useless in humans.
	She said they are used to raise hair and trap air to create better isolation during cold times, but that human hair is to sparse to trap any air and create this isolation.
	<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goose_bumps">Wikipedia</a> backs this up, adding that goose bumps are also used to make one look bigger and more intimidating, which again, doesn&apos;t work with sparse hair.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been speaking with a Jehovah&apos;s Witness for months now, and he&apos;s been trying to convert me.
	Sometimes, I have wondered if maybe he is right, but other times, his stories are either inconsistent with themselves or are inconsistent with science, despite his initially telling me that Christianity does not contradict science.
	However, among other things, if we were created and not evolved, why do we have useless reflexes? I&apos;ve been thinking about it today, and the fact is that we have muscles embedded in our skin and the sole purpose of these muscles is to enact our vestigial goose bump reflex.
	If someone created us, why would our bodies contain oddities that serve no valid function for us but do serve a valid function for other animals? The only logical explanation for human goose bumps that I can think of is that we evolved from something with more hair, but that the goose bump reflex was not detrimental enough to our survival that natural selection would have selected against it.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve decided not to inquire about the band Lo-Fi is Sci-Fi.
	The band broke up a while ago, separating into its component band members <a href="http://marcwithac.com/">Marc with a C</a> and <a href="http://chriszabriskie.com/">Chris Zabriskie</a>.
	My guess is that keeping the Lo-Fi is Sci-Fi work up was costing them money and not bringing in a lot due to no new music being released.
	I&apos;m only guessing that not much money was coming in because the site was taken down though.
	For all I know, it could have been removed for other reasons.
	Asking these people to bring back their work is selfish on my part, and I should instead spend my money on musicians that are still active as to encourage them to continue producing music.
</p>
<p>
	I checked on my credit union credit card finally over the Web interface, and it appears that the old number has indeed been canceled and a new one instated.
	The new card has not yet arrived by mail, but I&apos;m in no rush.
	As long as the old number no longer works, I&apos;m happy.
</p>
<p>
	JSavage brought Stressware back to my attention on <a href="ircs://irc.oftc:6697/%23nottor">#nottor</a>.
	Last I knew, Stressware had not yet been fully-liberated, and it sounds like this is still the case.
	The main page on <a href="http://jscrakoresh4ubgh.onion/Stressware/">Stressware</a> says the project aims to meet the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr>&apos;s flawed definition of a free distribution, but the <a href="http://jscrakoresh4ubgh.onion/Stressware/Statement.txt">mission statement</a> adds that, unlike the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> definition of a free distribution, Stressware requires nonsoftware to be free as well, making it completely free (once the liberation process is complete).
	It seems that Xfce and <abbr title="K Desktop Environment">KDE</abbr>&apos;s Plasma Desktop are not yet included in the distribution, but their inclusion is less important than the removal of the nonfree junk.
	I&apos;ve downloaded it and will probably try installing it in AQEMU tomorrow.
	It will be nice having a second free option available when choosing a system.
	Stressware will probably act very similar to Debian due to them being built from the same components, but package management will obviously be different.
	If it turns out to be better for my use case, I may switch my main system over to use it once it is freed and contains Xfce (or I find another suitable desktop that Stressware does contain).
	As far as I know, Stressware is only available over onion though, which may make it inaccessible for some users.
</p>
<p>
	My mother was contacted by the people who had her iPhone today.
	They claim that they bought the iPhone from the actual thieves, but she says they were acting very shady and suspects them of being the thieves themselves.
	It cost her $50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> to get the device back from them and the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card is missing, but it is now back in her possession.
	I tried explaining to her that she needs to now report the device as found and then have me swap the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card over from the device she has been using over to the new device, but last I heard, she was talking to the Verizon people trying to get them to switch the plan back to her iPhone without the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card being moved over.
	If they do that, her mobile plan will be transfered back to the stolen <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card and neither of her devices will be connected to the network.
	Whatever.
	If she and Verizon get it straitened out, no worries, and if she instead needs my help, I&apos;ll get her to switch the plan back to the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card she just probably had the plan switched away from and I&apos;ll move the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card over as I said needed to be done in the first place.
	I think part of the problem is that she doesn&apos;t even know what the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card is, as she has admitted.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

