<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Don&apos;t vote for Ron Wyden &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Don&apos;t vote for Ron Wyden</h1>
			<p>Day 00047: Thursday, 2015 April 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Our idiotic Senate Finance Committee just voted to enact the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which will keep the public in the dark about corporate trade agreements.
	This is not acceptable.
	My own state&apos;s Ron Wyden was one of the people to vote &quot;yes&quot;.
	As a constituent, I&apos;ve written him a letter of disapproval in hopes that he revises his vote.
</p>
<p>
	I forgot to check my mail last night before turning in.
	Josh Woodward fixed the song download, so now lyrics are included in the track.
	I half expected him to say it was an instrumental piece, but in that case, why would lyrics be included on the page? As I hoped, it was just a simple upload mistake, and it&apos;s fixed now.
</p>
<p>
	It seems a group of homophobes wet up an <a href="http://www.dailykos.com/story/2015/04/21/1379161/-PA-High-School-Students-Organize-Anti-Gay-Day">Anti-Gay Day</a>.
	Come on, people.
	Why do you care what other people want to do do in their own bedrooms? It&apos;s not like the gays are trying to force these people to be gay with them.
	If someone was trying to get me to have gay sex with them, I would be opposed to that.
	Then again, if someone was trying to get me to have strait sex with them, I&apos;d be opposed to that as well.
	But if gay people want to be gay with other gay people, who is really hurt by that? No one.
	It&apos;s not even like being gay is a choice.
	If they were to choose to pretend not to be gay, they likely wouldn&apos;t find happiness.
	What right do these people have to deny gay people happiness?
</p>
<p>
	I just learned that I may have a mild case of <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trypophobia">trypophobia</a>.
	I didn&apos;t even know there was a word for that.
	From the Wikipedia article, is seems that many people have it way worse than I do, as patterns of holes in just about any object seem to be able to trigger the creeped-out feeling and I only really have this happen if I think the object is animal flesh of some sort.
	For example, the babies embedded in a surinam toad&apos;s back totally weird me out, but honeycomb has no effect on me.
	Furthermore, I only cringe a bit, but it sounds like some people even have panic attacks.
</p>
<p>
	I finally added the cover art to the Josh Woodward albums that were missing it.
	On his website, Josh has both thumbnail images and full-size images of his album covers.
	I chose the thumbnails because on my monitor, they looked slightly larger than what I needed.
	The main place the covers show up is on the album select screen, where they are laid out in rows of two.
	However, once I had the thumbnails on my mobile, I found the images were both blurry and pixelated due to being smaller than I had thought.
	Not only that, but I realized that the artwork also shows up filling most of the screen in some cases.
	I wouldn&apos;t really mind, the blurry images stand out next to all the clear, crisp album covers from other artists (and Josh&apos;s &quot;Ashes&quot; and &quot;The Wake&quot; albums which, having their artwork embedded in the files, are also clear and crisp).
	I switched to the full-size album covers, which look much nicer.
</p>
<p>
	I stumbled upon a free, zero knowledge, encrypted, cloud-based password manager and &quot;e-wallet&quot; called <a href="https://encryptr.org/">Encryptr</a>.
	If my understanding is correct, both the server and client are free, so I could run my own server instance if I got the client running.
	The Android client seems to be only on Google Play though, putting it out of reach for the time being.
	If I ever get my build environment functioning, I could build the client myself, but for the time being, that isn&apos;t an option.
	Speaking of which, I should try again to get the Replicant build environment to work at some point.
	It seems there is desire to get Encryptr added to <a href="https://f-droid.org/forums/topic/encryptr/">F-Droid</a>, but due to the funky build process, there&apos;s been a snag.
	I can&apos;t help be be reminded of the <a href="https://f-droid.org/forums/topic/eff-alerts/"><abbr title="Electronic Frontier Foundation">EFF</abbr> Alerts</a> application build issue.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that running <code>setxkbmap gb</code> only fixes KeePassX until the next reboot, so it should be added to ~/.bash_aliases or somewhere else that will be run on login.
	Actually, now that I think about it, ~/.bash_aliases might not be run until you open a command prompt.
	I&apos;ll have to keep an eye out next time I reboot to be sure.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

