<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>On the mend &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>On the mend</h1>
			<p>Day 00051: <time>Monday, 2015 April 27</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;m feeling much better today.
	I still don&apos;t really want to do much here at home, but I got through work without any exhaustion or desire to go home early.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com">Josh Woodward</a> responded to my inquiry about his <a href="https://www.patreon.com/creation?hid=2242536">Aimless</a> video, though he didn&apos;t tell me what format it is in like I asked.
	He said that the video &quot;just a regular YouTube video&quot;, which unless YouTube has it&apos;s own format, is not a file format.
	To the best of my knowledge though, YouTube doesn&apos;t have a seperate file format than everyone else because it would be inefficient to have a YouTube-only format.
	Instead, YouTube allows the uploading of several standard formats.
	I will not push though.
	As far as I know, I&apos;m the only one having this issue, and I prefer Josh&apos;s music in Vorbis format on my mobile anyway.
	He keeps <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files on his site of all his recent work and most of his earlier work, and converting <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> to Vorbis is a trivial task (I had already done it long before he responded).
	As long as I have the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr>/Vorbis files, I&apos;m happy, and if his other fans are able to access the video, that should be enough.
</p>
<p>
	Apparently, there is a chance of the electoral collage votes to be distributed more fairly in my home state of Oregon.
	People are trying to set it up so our votes actually count.
	It&apos;s not as good of a solution as disbanding the electoral collage altogether, but it&apos;s a start.
	If you care about the votes of Oregonians, <a href="http://www.nationalpopularvote.com/or4/">please send a letter to the people in power</a>.
	It sounds like they are trying to get this implemented in all states, not just mine, but I need rest and will not be looking into this tonight.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter yesterday when I was lying in bed sick instead of processing email.
	This letter warns that the <a href="http://arstechnica.com/business/2015/04/14/republicans-seek-fast-track-repeal-of-net-neutrality/">a Fast Track overturning of net neutrality is in the works</a>.
	No petition or letter-writing campaign is attached, but maybe that was an oversight and one is coming.
	If this Fast Track repeal of net neutrality goes through, we will lose the free Internet here in the States.
</p>
<p>
	It appears <code>~/.bashrc</code> isn&apos;t run until the command prompt is opened, so putting <code>setxkbmap gb</code> in there only acts as a shortcut to fixing KeePassX&apos;s key mapping.
	I removed the line from <code>~/.bashrc</code>, put a script in <code>~/bin</code> that fixes KeePassX&apos;s key mapping then starts KeePassX, and put a modified menu item file at <code>~/.local/share/applications/keepassx.desktop</code>.
	However, .desktop files don&apos;t seem to treat the <code>~/bin</code> directory as being in the $PATH variable.
	It was easy enough to fix by specifying the full path of the script, but I might want to look into what determines the $PATH as seen by .desktop files later.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

