<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>Please declassify the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Please declassify the text of the Trans-Pacific Partnership!</h1>
			<p>Day 00052: Tuesday, 2015 April 28</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;m tired of messing up the entry numbers on my weblog.
	Whenever I mess one up and don&apos;t notice, every entry after it also gets messed up, as I don&apos;t remember the entry numbers myself.
	I just look at the previous day&apos;s entry number and assume it to be correct.
	I&apos;ve now built a function to do the remembering for me.
	It takes a year, month, and day number and returns a string containing the entry number and date formated the way I head my entries.
	It&apos;s a bit vain for me to set up a function that takes into account the day that my personal weblog was started, but it will save me a lot of time and effort.
	As an added bonus, if I ever change my heading format, it can be uniformly changed across my entire weblog now without much additional effort.
</p>
<p>
	President Obama is claiming that people calling the Trans-Pacific Partnership a &quot;secret&quot; trade deal are being dishonest, and that the people need to look at the facts.
	However, the fact is that the public of the United States is not allowed to see the details of the deal and therefor cannot know if the deal is good or bad.
	Senator Warren called him on that, and is attempting to get him to <a href="https://www.dailykos.com/story/2015/04/25/1380311/-Elizabeth-Warren-and-Sherrod-Brown-to-Obama-Let-the-American-People-See-the-TPP-Text">declassify the agreement</a>.
	Until he does so, it it is fact a secret agreement, and cannot be assumed to be in the best interest of the people.
	In fact, if the deal <strong>*was*</strong> in the best interest of the people, there would be no reason to hide it.
	Please help get the details of this agreement exposed by <a href="https://dailykos.com/campaigns/1220">signing the petition</a>.
</p>
<p>
	I seem to have broken several pages lately.
	Mistedwind keeps running across them and sending bug reports, which is very helpful, but some of these bugs should have been caught by me as soon as the pages were uploaded.
	At the very least, when I update a page, I need to verify that the page actually renders.
	I obviously can&apos;t proofread and spell check everything after rebuilding every page on the site, but rendering shouldn&apos;t take too long to check.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

