<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>MetroPCS refuses to provide tablet service to &quot;non-tablet&quot; mobiles but Cricket supplying me with gratis data seems to be intentional &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/04-April/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>MetroPCS refuses to provide tablet service to &quot;non-tablet&quot; mobiles but Cricket supplying me with gratis data seems to be intentional</h1>
			<p>Day 00054: <time>Thursday, 2015 April 30</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I watched a video that put up some very good arguments <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kye2oX-b39E">against the death penalty</a>.
	It&apos;s a shame that the video is proprietary, but I felt it was an important enough issue that it warranted linking to the video anyway.
	It seems there is no logical reason to instate a death penalty.
	The only &quot;benefit&quot; it provides is emotional closure for families.
</p>
<p>
	My mother showed me that she bought some vegan butter today.
	I had personally already given up on vegan butter with it being too expensive, but it was a highly-appreciated gesture.
	She seems to be being a lot more sportive of this than I would have thought.
	She does still seem to have issues with my sister&apos;s vegetarianism though, which still baffles me.
</p>
<p>
	I walked into two MetroPCS stores today.
	Both claimed the $3 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> was somehow justified, but couldn&apos;t really explain how.
	They basically repeated a few times that this is just the way they do things.
	Both locations also said that they do not have a drop box, so there is no getting around the three dollar fee without a deanonymizing credit or debit card.
	This point is moot though, as the MetroPCS representatives refuse to provide tablet plans for &quot;non-tablet&quot; devices.
	As the do-it-yourself method tends to require entering an <abbr title="International Mobile Station Equipment Identity">IMEI</abbr>, after which the system only allows you to choose a plan the company wants you to have for that device, the only way to set this up would be to either have a tablet to start the plan on before swapping the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card on or get a representative to set up the plan for you.
	If the T-Mobile representative will still help me in a couple months when I need the new plan, I will choose the T-Mobile $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> tablet plan from them.
	When I eventually have to replace my Replicant device, I might choose a tablet to avoid this sort of discrimination.
	The larger size would be a pain potentially, but if I can find a big enough protective case and get pants and shorts with bigger pockets, it may be doable.
</p>
<p>
	I checked in on my Cricket account to see if I could get the date that they plan to cut me off entirely.
	I couldn&apos;t find the date, but I did find a notice about my account:
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
	Suspended Accounts
</p>
<p>
	When your account is suspended, you need to make a payment to reactivate your service.
	Until you reactivate your service, you can&apos;t complete the following tasks:
</p>
<ul>
<li>Make or Receive calls</li>
<li>Send or Receive Text, Picture or Video Messages</li>
<li>Add a Line</li>
<li>Upgrade Device</li>
<li>Get a New SIM Card</li>
<li>Turn On/Off Auto Pay</li>
<li>Reset Voicemail Passcode</li>
<li>Change Plans or Features</li>
<li>Change Profile Info (phone number, email)</li>
<li>Change Password</li>
<li>Turn On/Off Online Security with Account PIN</li>
</ul>
</blockquote>
<p>
	There is no mention of cutting off my data access, so it appears it was intentional that they didn&apos;t do that.
	On the other hand, it was unintentional that they did not cut off my incoming <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>.
	The representative I spoke with said that to cancel my Cricket account, all I had to do was quit paying, then wait through the two-month suspension period.
	If Cricket wants to provide me with gratis data access during this two month period, who am I to complain?
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F04-April%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

