<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>A day wasted &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A day wasted</h1>
			<p>Day 00178: <time>Tuesday, 2015 September 01</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My siblings and I planned to head out into town again today in hopes of getting further than last time, but it didn&apos;t work out.
	Our mother needed help with her classroom again, which was all well and good, but she wouldn&apos;t give us a straight answer about when she wanted us home by to meet here.
	She insisted that in order to give us the most possible time so we could go the furthest possible in that time, she would pick us up at wherever we ended up by the time she needed help.
	She does not seem to understand the fact that we, and I in particular, do not like to get picked up.
	Getting picked up is an unnecessary waste of fossil fuels.
	Not knowing how long we had, we couldn&apos;t go far.
	We didn&apos;t feel we had time to even make it as far as we did last time, let alone make it further.
	And with everything useful seeming to be in a single direction, there wasn&apos;t really much we could do.
	Though I don&apos;t think she understands it, her plan to give us more time backfired and took away what time we would have had if she would have just been reasonable and told us when she wanted to meet up by.
</p>
<p>
	What little we could have gotten done today had just become impossible, so we decided to give up trying to find anything useful and set out in another direction, this time not leaving the residential area.
	We gave ourselves one and a half hours, at which point we would head home and hope to get back before we were needed.
	We ended up spending most of the time with three chickens that we found.
	I mostly just watched, but my siblings tried feeding the chickens various things.
	The thing they most seemed to like were blackberries plucked from a nearby bush.
	They seemed nervous around us at first, but calmed down a bit when they saw we weren&apos;t coming after them.
	They even came over and pecked at us gently a bit.
</p>
<p>
	We made it home in time, then headed over to the school with our mother.
	Apparently, the school has Wi-Fi, though I hadn&apos;t known that before.
	I could have brought my laptop in to update my website while we were there if only I had known.
	At least now I know for next time.
</p>
<p>
	I received an email stating that Cricket&apos;s $5 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> charged to my credit card finally finalized.
	I don&apos;t know if this will impact the process of getting Cricket Wireless to reverse the charge and give me back the money.
	We&apos;re headed back to Springfield tomorrow, so I might get a chance to talk to Cricket support then.
	Or maybe not, we&apos;ll see how much time there is and what is on the agenda.
</p>
<p>
	I am cut off from the Internet tonight, and cannot update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">warrant canary</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

