<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>At my old residence for the night &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>At my old residence for the night</h1>
			<p>Day 00179: <time>Wednesday, 2015 September 02</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	We set out this morning to our old residence.
	On the way, I received an email saying that my last paycheck from my old job was available, and asking whether I would be in town to pick it up at some point or if I had an address I would like it forwarded to.
	I replied that the timing on that letter was funny, as I was on the road to Springfield already.
	Apparently though, the secretary had not expected me to opt to pick it up.
	She wasn&apos;t supposed to give it to me until the fifth of the month, but figured that is would be fine to mail it now because it would take longer than that to reach me.
	Because she had already offered to let me pick it up though, she allowed me to take it as long as I promised not to deposit it until the fifth at 16:00.
</p>
<p>
	I contacted Cricket support, who said that they would not give me a refund on the $5 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> I had put on my account.
	I contacted Cricket immediately a second time to get a different representative, and the conversation went on longer.
	The second person first tried to convince me to stay with Cricket.
	WHen that didn&apos;t work, she said that there was no way to get a refund and tried to get me to spend the account credit on one of two Cricket add-on services, both of which cost more than the account credit is worth, so I would have to hand Cricket even more money.
	The first add-on was an extra data package, but Cricket already gives me more high-speed data than I use.
	Even if they didn&apos;t, they offer unlimited low-speed data, and most on my data use is just for background stuff such as email, so I don&apos;t need it to go quickly.
	The second was a music service that streams proprietary music using a proprietary application that is only available from Google Play, which is not even installed on my device.
	I could pay for the service, but the service is not one I have any interest in and not one I could even make use of if I did have interest in it.
	Lastly, she handed over a postal address where I could send complaints.
	I&apos;m going to be cut off from the Internet again for a while, so I think I&apos;ll type up a complaint letter as I have time, then when I have access to a printer, print and mail the thing.
	I need to mention both the no-refunds policy and the canceled orders.
</p>
<p>
	My mother wants to close our Internet service account at our former residence, but she uses our <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>&apos;s email option, and she has a lot of old letters saved.
	We started backing them up, but there are a lot of them, and we couldn&apos;t finish tonight.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

