<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Bringing the cat &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Bringing the cat</h1>
			<p>Day 00180: <time>Thursday, 2015 September 03</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Between the fact that the router kept failing and the sheer number of emails she has on the <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> server, we didn&apos;t have time to finish backing up my mother&apos;s email.
	We&apos;ll have to try again next time we have Internet access.
</p>
<p>
	It took some effort, but we managed to load up the washer and dryer loaded up onto the trailer to take with us.
	It&apos;s been kind of lame not being able to do laundry.
	Once we got them home though, we found that the dryer has a plug type that doesn&apos;t match the electrical outlet at the home we&apos;re renting.
	We might be able to swap out the dryer cord later, but until then, we still can&apos;t wash our clothing.
</p>
<p>
	The other main thing we took with us back home was our cat.
	My mother had left the cat before for a couple reasons.
	First, until the move is complete, there are going to be long periods of time when everyone is out.
	My mother thought it would be kinder to the cat to leave her in a familiar place alone than leave her in an unfamiliar place alone.
	Second, the older of my two sisters didn&apos;t come with us, so my mother thought it would be nice to leave the cat as company for my sister for a while.
	My mother seems oblivious to the fact that the cat and my sister are mostly indifferent to one another.
	When we got to our former residence though, it was very clear that the cat was lonely, so she decided she should come with us on this trip.
	We spend more time at home than at our old residence, so the cat should be less lonely there, despite the fact that her whole environment has changed.
</p>
<p>
	On the trip home, the cat seemed nervous, but not panicky.
	She spent most of the trip sitting on my younger sister&apos;s lap, seemingly wanting comfort from a familiar person, but otherwise seemed very calm.
	Once home, we walked the cat through every room of the house to try to get her familiar with it, after which she went and hid under my bed.
	She didn&apos;t seem to mind my brother and I coming under with her, but she did not want to leave.
</p>
<p>
	I am cut off from the Internet tonight and cannot update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">warrant canary</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

