<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>An email address for my resume &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>An email address for my resume</h1>
			<p>Day 00186: Wednesday, 2015 September 09</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The main thing on today&apos;s agenda was to set up an email account for me to use when hunting for jobs.
	I definitely want to be reachable by email, but if I use my main email account, it may lead potential employers back to my website due to using my own domain as the host name.
	I don&apos;t need employers knowing about my journal here and judging my by it until <strong>*after*</strong> they hire me.
	I don&apos;t care if they fire me for my weblog later, though I doubt that would happen.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to use Toco Bell&apos;s Wi-Fi today, but it just wasn&apos;t working.
	I wasn&apos;t sure why at the time, but I would find that out later in the day.
	With that option ruled out, I headed to the far side of North Bend, to the public library.
</p>
<p>
	At the library, I found that Wi-Fi service there was not working either.
	I asked the librarian about it, but he said that the technical person was out for the day.
	After some fiddling around with settings, I found that the library Wi-Fi is a captive portal.
	I whitelisted the library router&apos;s <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address so it would bypass the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> proxy, but that didn&apos;t help.
	I read and agreed to the terms of service, but unless I fully disabled my proxy, I couldn&apos;t do much.
	While the library is awesome for using Linux on their computers, they also seem to block some of their ports.
	Clearnet web goes through (I tested by checking Wikipedia, feeling Wikipedia was probably safe to visit without a proxy for now), but both the ping port and the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> port are blocked even if you agree to the router&apos;s terms of service.
	The librarian asked me to write a note to the technical guy, which the librarian would submit as a support ticket.
	I may check back on this later.
</p>
<p>
	With captive portals in mind, I headed back to Taco Bell.
	I found their router&apos;s <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address and whitelisted that as well.
	Once I had agreed to the terms of service, all ports (or at least the ping and <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> ports, which I use) opened up and I was able to use the Internet as usual.
	Unlike the library, Taco Bell is closer to my home, but also unlike the library, Taco Bell has no electrical outlets for me to use.
	I&apos;ll have to use batter power when I&apos;m online, making my Internet sessions limited in length.
</p>
<p>
	Searching for a primary email address provider these days is difficult if you don&apos;t want to give out personal information.
	Most gratis email providers require you to give them your telephone number, a trend I&apos;m almost certain Google set.
	As I am against the telephone number system and do not use telephone service, I couldn&apos;t supply these websites with my telephone number even if I <strong>*did*</strong> want to.
	I simply do not have a telephone number.
	Other providers insist that you give them your current email address before they will let you register.
	What if this was my first email account? There must be a way to set up an initial email account for people who do not yet have an email account and do not have telephone service.
	Besides, I don&apos;t want my new email account associated with my main email account.
	If I wasn&apos;t trying to create this separation, I could just use an address at my own domain.
	Finally, some email account providers want money.
	But if handing over my current email address is too personal, I think handing over my credit card information is also too personal.
	Not to mention that I don&apos;t plan to use this account much, I just want a small account to use for job hunting and nothing else.
</p>
<p>
	Finally, after much searching, I found <a href="https://vfemail.net/">VFEmail</a>.
	They have paid options, which I may look into later (they allow receiving email to your own domain as part of their paid packages), but they also have a gratis account option.
	They had several domain options for gratis accounts, using <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s that non-tech-savvy people (such as some potential employers) will recognize.
	I decided to use the &quot;clovermail.net&quot; domain, as it seems benign, is pronounceable, and uses the recognized <code>//net.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	With that out of the way, I spent what limited time I had left searching for <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>s in the area.
	The one that kept popping up was Charter.
	Some websites either claimed that it was the only option in the area, or just said that Charter is the provider for this area.
	I will come back and do more research tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I do not have Internet service at my home and cannot update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">warrant canary</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

