<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>Goodbye world! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Goodbye world!</h1>
			<p>Day 00188: Friday, 2015 September 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I walked into Subway this morning to see if they had anything edible.
	I already knew that their veggie patties contained dairy, but I wasn&apos;t sure about their bread.
	I asked, and it turns out that all of their bread contains dairy, at least according to the servers on duty (they didn&apos;t check, they were going from memory).
	However, it turns out that Subway offers salads that are essentially just sandwich toppings that have been cut up and put in a bowl.
	They first add whatever toppings you want to a large plastic bowl, then use a hand-held bladed tool to chop it all up.
	The result was quite delicious, and if you leave out the meat, it&apos;s actually a bit less expensive than if you add meat.
</p>
<p>
	I decided that it would be a good idea to check in with AT&amp;T before discontinuing my Cricket plan.
	I needed to make sure that they are a carrier that allows tablet plans to be used with non-tablet devices.
	According to the representatives, they cannot do this.
	The reason they gave is that the tablet <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards and plans actually do allow calling if the device supports it, so if the device supports it, they have to charge for it by putting the device on a smartphone plan instead.
	In other words, their system is not set up to deliver only what they charge you for, so instead of fixing their system, they have decided to charge you for calling features even if you never plan to use them.
	It looks like I&apos;m sticking with Cricket for the time being.
	Their plans are cheaper than the AT&amp;T plans that have calling features and at least one gigabyte of data.
	Cricket also offers unlimited data usage, it&apos;s just throttled after two point five gigabytes of usage.
	I&apos;ll probably never use that much data in a month anyway.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to update my website today, but I found once again that onion addresses do not play well with specified ports.
	For example, if I was trying to reach <code>sftp://abcdefghijklmnop.onion/</code>, it would work fine.
	But if I try reaching <code>sftp://abcdefghijklmnop.onion:1234/</code>, the onion address will not resolve.
	It won&apos;t matter too much longer anyway though.
	I&apos;ve looked into it, and Charter does not allow customers to run home servers.
	I&apos;m going to have to take down my website.
	I can&apos;t even guarantee that this weblog entry will be available for reading before the website has to come down.
	Losing my Web server means not only losing this website, but also losing my ownCloud instance and minet.y.st.
	It&apos;s a shame, but I don&apos;t know what I can do about it.
</p>
<p>
	There&apos;s a video game store at the local mall here.
	Obviously the games aren&apos;t worth looking into because they are all proprietary, but it turns out that they double as a Cricket dealer.
	I saw the sign on their door, so I stopped in and asked them about it.
	I specifically asked if that meant I could pay my bill in-person there, and I was told that I could.
	I shouldn&apos;t have any more credit card rejection issues from them if I pay in-person and in cash, not to mention the fact that I prefer using cash anyway.
</p>
<p>
	When I got home, I found that an envelope from Banner Bank had arrived in the mail.
	I thought of course that this was my debit card that had finally arrived, but this was not the case.
	Instead, it was a hand-written thank you card from the representative who had set up my account along with a copy of her business card.
	This was the same business card that she had sent with me in the folder full of terms of service and other documents the day the account was created.
	Why are the Banner Bank representatives sending thank you cards for setting up accounts? It&apos;s not offensive or anything, but it&apos;s a little strange.
	And I get the feeling that this isn&apos;t an isolated incident.
	Both the thank you card and its envelope have the bank logo printed on them, so they are likely mass-produced.
</p>
<p>
	The debit card was not in the envelope, so unless it was sent separately, it&apos;s not coming.
	That&apos;s fine though, as I had told the bank representative, I have no plans to use it.
	I simply am waiting for it because I think that it is coming.
	Although, as I write this paragraph, it occurs to me that the debit card is likely not being sent by the bank representative, while this hand-written note appears to have come from her.
	There is therefore a high probability that the two were sent separately, so the card is probably still on its way, not that that actually matters or anything.
</p>
<p>
	I feel worn down.
	I feel defeated.
	This place sucks.
</p>
<p>
	I think a big part of my exhaustion is emotional.
	My website is a big part of what I enjoy in life, and now it&apos;s being taken away from me.
	I&apos;ve also had to migrate from a mostly-non-evil mobile network to a very evil one in order to remain in service.
	I have no Internet access at home, which is quite stressful.
	My mother has been trying to get me to learn to drive so I can drive her fossil fuel-burning van for her.
	But also, I have to walk down a hill from my new home to get anywhere of consequence, then walk back up the hill to get back home.
	I&apos;ve been doing this almost every day for a while now.
	I&apos;m physically exhausted too from this.
	I&apos;ll try to keep a positive attitude, or at least I&apos;ll pretend to, but I can&apos;t wait to get out of here.
	Maybe things will mellow out a bit and life will be good again, even here, but for now, I&apos;m not happy here.
</p>
<p>
	I may try to get some sort of place holder up where my site was for now.
	Between the fact that I stamp money with my Web address and the fact that I&apos;m paying Josh Woodward to link back to my website at $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per link, I really shouldn&apos;t allow too much down time.
	Even if I can only get a single page up at my domain, I need to do it.
	That page can act as a hub to the rest of my online identity, even if it does nothing else.
	Even if it has nothing else, a prospective host for my temporary site while I&apos;m here must have <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> support and an option to use my own domain name.
	It&apos;s of no use if <code>https://y.st/</code> doesn&apos;t lead to a working version of the website.
</p>
<p>
	I was going to bring over my Web server this weekend, but perhaps that is a bad idea now.
	I should leave it where it is until the Internet connection there is cut off.
	If this page is seen, let it serve as my goodbye.
	This could be the end of Yst Domain for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> may be offline indefinitely.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

