<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Vaccinated &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Vaccinated</h1>
			<p>Day 00189: Saturday, 2015 September 12</p>
		</header>
<p>
	It turns out that we didn&apos;t head to Springfield today as planned, though we did hit the other two places that we had planned to go.
</p>
<p>
	First, we went to an emergency preparedness fair.
	I was disappointed that there weren&apos;t any lectures or seminars on emergency preparedness there, only a bunch of booths, but it turns out this is only because my mother wanted to leave early.
	Had we stayed, there would have been lectures.
	We did get gratis vaccinations against tetanus, diphtheria, and pertussis though, which may save us some suffering later.
</p>
<p>
	Next, we went to the cranberry festival.
	Oddly enough, there was hardly anything there that had any relation to cranberries.
	One boot that did actually fit the theme of the fair explained how cranberries are farmed.
	It turns out that cranberries aren&apos;t grown underwater like I thought they were.
	The supposed &quot;bogs&quot; that they are grown in are actually dryish.
	The plants grow on ground that is not submerged in the water, but when it comes time to harvest them, the farmers flood the bog, then drive a machine over it to agitate the plants and knock the berries off.
	They do this because the berries float, to then it&apos;s a simple matter of taking a floating barrier across the top of the water to scoop up the berries.
	Then they are free to drain the bog again in preparation for the next growing season.
</p>
<p>
	Before going to bed, I set up my mother&apos;s computer for her.
	She got it a while ago, but hadn&apos;t set it up yet and didn&apos;t know how.
	Part of the problem was that she was missing three cords, had no mouse, and had a keyboard that was way too old for her machine.
	I pulled the missing components out of my spare part stash, including a replacement keyboard, and got everything working.
	Unfortunately, the machine is running Windows 8.
	Debian 8 would be a much better choice, but she refuses to try anything besides Windows.
	Oh well, I&apos;m not the one that will have to deal with losing my data when the operating system inevitably fails.
	Nor will I be the one constantly having to try to bend the thing to my will.
	If she wants to deal with the hassles, that&apos;s her choice.
</p>
<p>
	My <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> update label from the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> arrived today.
	I have no intention of actually applying it to my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> though.
	After all, there&apos;s no reason to, really.
	Who am I trying to prove my address to, anyway? I&apos;ve already gotten an account set up at a bank.
	I can&apos;t think of anyone besides a credit union that needs proof of my legal identity&apos;s address.
	Anyone else can either believe my when I tell them my address or not believe me, I don&apos;t really care.
</p>
<p>
	With my website going down soon, and this entry potentially not being uploaded before that happens, this may be the last time I mention my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> for a while.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

