<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Wasting paper &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Wasting paper</h1>
			<p>Day 00191: <time>Monday, 2015 September 14</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I made it to Frontier, but when I went in, I wasn&apos;t able to make myself come off as angry as I wanted to.
	I had rehearsed in my head what to say, but that&apos;s not what came out of my mouth.
	It turns out this was a good thing though.
	I explained my frustration with the website not showing the service prices, and the representative pulled up the website on his monitor.
	The prices were right there in plain sight and even in large print.
	Thinking that the website might be discriminating against mobile devices as some websites do, I tried pulling up the website from my mobile.
	When the page finally loaded, the prices were right there, plain as day.
	I forgot to ask if Frontier allows customers to run their own Web servers, but it doesn&apos;t really matter much.
	If we were getting only Internet service, Frontier would have been the cheaper option.
	However, my mother really likes having television service, and with television service taken into account, Charter is the cheaper service.
</p>
<p>
	However, that trip was not wasted.
	On the way home, I located a couple of the large discount food stores in the area, knowledge of which will prove useful in keeping vegan food available around the house.
</p>
<p>
	As I neared home, I took a detour to stop by the bank and the game store that doubles as a Cricket retailer.
	At the bank, I deposited all my coins into my account and withdrew my usual $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> in one dollar bills.
	To my mild dismay, I had to sign two small paper slips, one for the deposit and one for the withdrawal.
	The problem wasn&apos;t the signing though, it was the wasted paper.
	Why wasn&apos;t this done digitally? What are they even going to do with the papers I signed? And this is going to happen every time I stop by for a transaction.
</p>
<p>
	At the game store, I found that Cricket transactions are not possible when dealing with every game store representative.
	Some representatives can access the Cricket system, but others are not authorized.
	The representative present at the time was not one of the ones that could access the Cricket system, and said that if I came back after 13:00, the representative I needed to talk to would be in.
	I asked if there was any sort of pattern to when these people would be in so I would know when I could pay my bill and not, and she said that in general, they always show up at about 13:00, so today was not unique in that regard.
	I was about two hours too early, so I headed home for food, rest, and a shower, then headed back and paid my bill.
</p>
<p>
	When I got back home for the second time today, I found that I had received two letters from Banner Bank.
	Surely one of the two held my debit card, right? Nope.
	Flexing the envelopes, I found that there was no card in either.
	I opened the first and found that it had my bank statement for my checking account, but not my savings account.
	It seems a bit soon to be receiving a statement, but whatever.
	I opened the second envelope expecting to see that the bank had been wasting paper again, and that they had put my savings account information on a separate statement, but that was no the case at all.
	Instead, the second envelope contained a second copy of the exact same checking account statement! Why is Banner Bank sending me two of the same statement? These people really like to waste paper.
	Once Internet access is set up here, perhaps I&apos;ll be able to log in somewhere and get my statements switched over to e-statements.
	That should save at least some paper.
</p>
<p>
	My sister is coming over for another visit and to pick up the mail key, and our mother has asked that she bring over the router this time.
	With the router gone from our former residence, my server will now be disconnected from the Internet, so the site is now going down.
	With no reason left to leave the server there, I&apos;ve asked that she bring that over here as well.
	She also said she is bringing my bicycle, so once I have that, I&apos;ll take the chain off of it and go buy that chainless bicycle at the pawn shop, assuming it is still there.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

