<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>We have Internet access again! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>We have Internet access again!</h1>
			<p>Day 00192: Tuesday, 2015 September 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I was looking through my music today to decide what to put on, and I found that I only had one version of <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/GoldenSunrise">Golden Sunrise</a>.
	The main version was still in my collection, but I had managed to delete the alternate version that you get for signing up for Josh Woodward&apos;s <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/mod/massmail/signuplist.php">mailing list</a>.
	My guess is that I deleted it when I bought his $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> music pack.
	I&apos;ve re-added myself to the mailing list (with the same address as before), then re-downloaded the song.
</p>
<p>
	The Charter cable guy came over to install our new equipment from them.
	He actually arrived within about ten minutes of the start of our appointment window, so I didn&apos;t have to wait long.
	My mother was at work, so I showed him where we wanted our new equipment.
	He kept cutting cables that did not need to be cut because they could have just been screwed off.
	Then, he would strip the ends and add a new screw-on attachment piece so he could connect new pieces that replaced the ones he could have just screwed off.
	He used a wrench to tighten them, so he did have a wrench on hand.
	He wasn&apos;t cutting the wires because he didn&apos;t have the tools needed to remove pieces the right way! He also mentioned the way satellite dish-based service providers do things.
	When they come to set up your service, they don&apos;t care if you already have one of your dishes on your roof; they&apos;ll install a new one either way.
	They also don&apos;t take the dishes down when you leave because it&apos;s gratis advertisement.
	The house we are renting has three on the roof; the one across the street has four.
</p>
<p>
	When he was setting up the modem, we couldn&apos;t find any cable outlets along the wall in the room where my mother wanted the modem to be.
	The cable guy ended up installing a splitter in the room across the hall, then running a long cable along the wall to the corner of the room closest to the room we wanted it in.
	The theory was that once the wireless router was installed there, it would give signal closest to where we wanted it, and we could install a wireless card to the computer that would have had a direct connection if the room had been wired for cable.
	When my mother got home, she was not happy.
	It turns out that there had been a cable outlet in that room, it had just been set in the floor instead of in the wall where it should have been and where we looked for it.
	I tried moving the modem to the proper cable outlet, but it fails to function there.
	The automated chat robot said we could move it anywhere that we had a cable outlet, that it wasn&apos;t bound to a single place.
	I spoke with a Charter representative online, and she said that the cable company only activated the modem to work on a single outlet.
	We can&apos;t move it.
	I asked the representative what we needed to do to get the other outlet activated.
	SHe said we would need to pay a $50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> fee and have another cable guy come over and set it up.
	I offered to pay for the mistake myself, but my mother was not happy about this solution, and we are now working around the problem as it is.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to set up the machine that used to be my server, but it seems I had not brought my jar of miscellaneous small computer parts as I thought I had.
	In that jar is a critical piece: an adapter that allows the monitor to speak with the machine.
	The jar must still be at my former residence, so I will have to set this up later.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to find a gratis Web host that I could just put up a single-page <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> website at until I get back to an areas and <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> that will allow me to run my own Web server again, but I had no such luck today.
	One host looks like what I need, but they don&apos;t recognize <code>//st.</code> domains as valid.
	I found a website called Wix, but they don&apos;t seem to allow you to code your paged yourself, so you have to use their painful graphical editor.
	If I get desperate, I may end up using Wix.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

