<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>After only one day of service, we now know the cable company lies &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>After only one day of service, we now know the cable company lies</h1>
			<p>Day 00193: Wednesday, 2015 September 16</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent today making another run to Springfield to grab some of the family&apos;s belongings, this time with my sister.
	Our goal was to grab one or two specific filing cabinets from our former residence, along with whatever else we could pack into the remaining space of the van.
	We managed to get both filing cabinets through a little ingenuity, then filled the rest of the space mostly with clothing.
	We also stopped by a second-hand store and picked up a telephone for my job hunt and a Wi-Fi card for our mother&apos;s computer.
	I forgot to grab a telephone cord from the second-hand store or from our former residence, but luckily, the cable company left us a telephone cord when they set up our service.
	I also grabbed my small jar of miscellaneous tiny computer parts, which contains the adapter I I need to plug a monitor into my former server.
</p>
<p>
	We checked for mail, and found that CREDO Mobile sent me a letter inviting me to purchase an iPhone from them along with a two-year contract.
	They have sent me this same invitation by email countless times, but it seems they&apos;ve given up and resorted to paper mail to try to get my attention that way.
	The iPhone, service contracts, and <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr> all suck.
	I&apos;m not buying an iPhone and I&apos;m not choosing CREDO as my carrier.
</p>
<p>
	When we got home, we found that another cable guy came over to check our satisfaction with the first cable guy&apos;s work.
	My mother explained the issue with the modem placement, and the cable guy told her that the outlet that she wanted to use for the modem didn&apos;t actually connect to the cable company&apos;s system at all.
	Rather, it was connected to one of the two satelite dishes on the roof.
	He also told my mother that I had not allowed the first cable guy to enter the attic, which wasn&apos;t true at all.
	The first cable guy didn&apos;t even express any interest in the attic, and if he had, I would have lead him there without hesitation.
	We&apos;re new in this house, and the attic is still completely empty.
	We have nothing in there to hide.
	My mother figured this was the case, but asked me about it anyway just to see if she was wrong.
	It looks like my mistake yesterday didn&apos;t cost us too much though, as we wouldn&apos;t have been able to use the cable outlet that she wanted to use anyway.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

