<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>The website might be coming back up &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The website might be coming back up</h1>
			<p>Day 00194: <time>Thursday, 2015 September 17</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I found another website that claims to redirect traffic from your domain to any website of your choosing, but it claims my email address is invalid.
	The website also offers gratis email accounts (where was this website when I needed it?), but after registering an email account, the new email address was also rejected as invalid.
	If the website is claiming that even email addresses on their own servers at their own domain are invalid, it&apos;s probably going to claim all email addresses are invalid.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I tried crawling back to Namecheap.
	I left them because they started serving Tor users Cloudflare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> pages, but their gratis <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> service also provides <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> (and maybe <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>) redirects.
	I begrudgingly filled out the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>, but when I went to register an account, Namecheap refused to allow me to set up an account on the grounds that I am using an anonymous proxy.
	I was willing to meet them half-way by filling out the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> that they serve only to proxy users, but I refuse to let down my proxy to deal with these people.
	Requiring someone to reach you without an anonymous proxy is a direct attack on security, anonymity, and privacy.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I registered an account at freedns.ws.
	They claim to have &quot;domain name redirection&quot;, which I was hoping meant <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> redirection.
	However, when I tried to add records for my domain, I found that their system had no support for the <code>//st.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
	They blocked the records, claiming that they were incomplete unless I added a &quot;.com&quot; to the end of the domain name, which would obviously specified the wrong domain.
</p>
<p>
	Though it has disadvantages, I set up an account at afraid.org.
	They provide <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> redirects, but they do not provide redirects over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> and they allow other people to register a subdomain under your domain.
	It&apos;s a price I&apos;m willing to pay for the time being though.
	If they offered redirects over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>, I would probably use the paid version though to prevent random usage of my subdomains.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly, I tried to set up a Wordpress weblog.
	They allow use of your own domain (I think even complete with <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>), for a fee.
	However, Wordpress.com claims that the y.st domain is not currently registered, which is untrue.
	Wordpress.com must just not be compatible with domains under the <code>//st.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly for the day, I updated my Credit Union accounts from Springfield to use my new postal address.
	The First Tech Federal Credit Union was slow as usual, and it was difficult to find the log in page (I had to do a Web search for it, it doesn&apos;t seem to be accessible from the home page), but once logged in, everything went smoothly.
	The Oregon Community Credit Union website on the other hand kept giving me trouble.
	In some places, it was refusing to accept my password, then locking up my account for twenty minutes at a time due to an &quot;incorrect password&quot;.
	After much frustration, I found that while the Oregon Community Credit Union website puts a thirty-two character cap on password length, one part of the website uses a different cap.
	If your password is over thirty characters, it is not accepted on that one page.
</p>
<p>
	I received notice that I owe Josh Woodward another ten dollars for music, as he has just put out a new post on Patreon.
	This time, instead of paying $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for a single song, it seems I&apos;m paying only $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for a set of thirty short preludes.
	But here&apos;s the catch: these songs are proprietary! They are under the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial">CC BY-NC</abbr> license, meaning that I am funding evilly-licensed music that I don&apos;t even get to listen to.
	I am very disappointed with Woodward on this one.
	If he wants to release his music as proprietary, that&apos;s bad enough, but to charge his Patreon supporters for it is a new level of bad.
	I&apos;ll bite my tongue on this one though.
</p>
<p>
	At the end of the day, <a href="http://wowana.me/">wowaname</a> offered to set up a place for my website on her server, complete with <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>.
	If she does that, I can keep links I&apos;ve paid Josh Woodward for from breaking, as well as keep the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> I stamp on dollar bills valid.
	If this doesn&apos;t work out though, I might just give up.
	I&apos;m under too much stress as it is, and I don&apos;t need to keep the search for a Web host in my burden.
	As usual, being paranoid, I dread the worst outcome even when it appears the solution to my problem is just around the corner.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

