<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>Yst Domain Light &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Yst Domain Light</h1>
			<p>Day 00195: Friday, 2015 September 18</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I have now resigned to downloading the audio and textual driver&apos;s manual from the official Oregon website.
	If my understanding is correct, anything produced by a government employee on behalf of the government falls outside copyright and into the public domain, so these files should be safe.
	I&apos;m really going to hate being a driver, but it should get my mother off my case.
	I can run her errands for her, lightening her load.
	Although, the fact is that she knows that I&apos;m already willing to run any in-city errands for her, I just do it on foot, which she does not like.
	Having a driver&apos;s license won&apos;t change that, and I will continue to run any feasible errands without a car.
	The only difference is that I will have having a driver&apos;s license weighing down on my conscious.
</p>
<p>
	I walked to the store to get <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr>s to back up my mother&apos;s Windows operating system as she wanted.
	However, when I got home, I found that she had run a system update, which sort of defeats the purpose of the initial backup.
	She had wanted to be able to revert any changes made later, in case something went wrong.
	Not only did updating the system prematurely mean that we now can&apos;t revert that change, but it also means that backing the system up will cost two extra <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr>s! Or rather, it would have cost two extra <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr>s, if backing the system up was possible at all.
	It seems that <a href="https://answers.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/forum/windows8_1-update/windows-81-system-image-backup-on-dvd-fails-with/243761c7-7240-4fdc-ab34-ddebecb07816">the system backup in Windows has been broken since Windows Vista</a>.
	If my mother is going to run Windows, a screwy system, she&apos;s going to keep running into issues such as this.
</p>
<p>
	My new Mobile case arrived in the mail today, which means that Yst Dawson now has proof of address! I probably won&apos;t need this for quite a while, but it&apos;s nice to have it on hand, just in case I need it.
	As for the case itself, it snapps together very tightly, and does not seem to be made for constant removal the way my last case was.
	It&apos;s also a lot thinner, so I worry if it is as protective as the last one.
	However, the buttons are much more usable that when my mobile was in that last case, so perhaps it&apos;s a trade-off.
	Hopefully this case will at least be enough.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://wowana.me/">Wowaname</a> set up an account on her system for me today so I could get my website uploaded! Being paranoid, I thought there would be a high probability that it would slip her mind to do so, but I had nothing to worry about after all.
	She asked if I would rather connect to the sever via <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> over <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> or the clearnet, so I said that I connect to everything over <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	It turns out that this worked well for her, as she already has an onion address set up for reaching her ssh server over <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, but it sounded like working over the clearnet would require extra setup.
	I hadn&apos;t even factored onions into the equation though.
	On my own server, I just use Thunar and GVFS to access remote storage over <abbr title="SSH File Transfer Protocol">SFTP</abbr>, but I don&apos;t know how to proxy my connection with that setup.
	Even if I wanted to drop the proxy, I can&apos;t reach onion addresses without it.
</p>
<p>
	I decided to give in and work over basic <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> on the command line, but it seems that either the server or my account is configured to only allow <abbr title="SSH File Transfer Protocol">SFTP</abbr> connections.
	I tried to look up a method of proxying a connection from such a setup, but I got nowhere.
	I ended up installing Filezilla, which has the basic proxy settings I need.
	All that&apos;s really needed to run through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is SOCKS5 compatibility, I just don&apos;t know how to set that up with my usual applications.
</p>
<p>
	I generated a new certificate (as my old one is too personal and doubles as my client certificate), and wowaname set that up as well.
	She offered to host an onion version of my website as well if I uploaded the key to it, but I saw little point to that.
	If the onion points to the same site, the main address does not block <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, and the main address is over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>, there really isn&apos;t much point in it.
	Besides, if I change my mind, I think the onion can run on my end, as onions function not as servers, but as clients.
</p>
<p>
	A new version of my website, which I am now dubbing &quot;Yst Domain Light&quot;, is now live.
	I didn&apos;t want to upload the full website to wowaname&apos;s server, as I don&apos;t want to be too much of a burden.
	This new website holds only a single page that lists where I can be found around the Internet and thanks wowaname for her help by hosting this.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

