<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>American Samoa&apos;s ccTLD &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>American Samoa&apos;s <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr></h1>
			<p>Day 00198: <time>Monday, 2015 September 21</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I wrote to Hover asking about how to register a domain name given the fact that I do not have a telephone number, but have yet to receive a response.
	I anticipate that they will respond, but be unable to help with the situation.
	I&apos;ve decided that the best course of action is to check out <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s instead.
	The <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> registries don&apos;t have to play by all the same rules as the <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>s, and sometimes this leads to friendlier registration requirements.
	I&apos;ve revived the old <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> list I once used to hunt down a short domain name and will add information about which <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s allow registration without a telephone number.
</p>
<p>
	Originally, this list was lost when my hard drive died on my in February.
	However, mistedwind found a copy of it in Google&apos;s virtual garbage can before they had a chance to empty it, and insisted that I keep it available, be it on the main website or on the satellite onion website that I control.
	Until now, I shunned that page, as it was part of an incomplete set.
	The old website was lost, so it could not go there, but it had no context in the new website, so it didn&apos;t really belong here.
	I think new information gives the list some context within this website though, so it now makes some sense to quit treating it as rubbish from another lifetime.
</p>
<p>
	I actually had to rescue the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> information from my former server, which proved more difficult than I was hoping.
	The problem is that it has no <abbr title="graphical user interface">GUI</abbr>, so mounting a <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive would have been more of a challenge than I was up to today, but the machine also has no Wi-Fi capabilities, so I couldn&apos;t just use <abbr title="SSH File Transfer Protocol">SFTP</abbr> from my laptop.
	I tried installing my old Wi-Fi adapter from my Frankenbuild, but that Wi-Fi card is missing it&apos;s antenna and I couldn&apos;t find it.
	I then installed the Wi-Fi card meant for my mother&apos;s computer, only to realize that without a <abbr title="graphical user interface">GUI</abbr>, trying to get it to know which network to connect to was going to be a pain.
	I ended up dragging the machine downstairs and plugging it directly into the router, as had been the setup back in Springfield.
	I had to take it all apart for the night when I was done, but I retrieved the file I wanted.
</p>
<p>
	A certain someone that does not like to be mentioned by name asked where my weblog can be found, so I explained that my weblog is not publicly-available at the moment, due to my website being majorly stripped-down.
	I further explained that the reason for the website being stripped down was to avoid being a burden to <a href="http://wowana.me/">wowaname</a> and her server.
	Wowaname piped up and said that she was fine with me uploading my full website, so I explained that I don&apos;t have a reasonable way to update it yet.
	Every time I update my website, I literally delete the whole thing off the server and reupload it, which can&apos;t be very good for the server&apos;s hard drive or bandwidth.
	Wowaname suggested using rsync, which seems like an easy enough tool to use and might work over <abbr title="SSH File Transfer Protocol">SFTP</abbr>.
	I&apos;ll have to try it tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My debit card from the bank arrived, but by the time I knew it was here, the bank was already closed.
	I&apos;ll walk into the bank tomorrow to get it activated.
	I suspect that they will tell me that I either could activate it via telephone or that I <strong>*must*</strong> activate it via telephone.
	If the latter, I&apos;ll ask to use one of the bank&apos;s own telephones.
	I need to remember to bring in my Social Security card, just in case the number off of it is needed for card activation.
	The funny part is that I don&apos;t even plan to use this card.
	The representative that set up my account insisted that I get one though, so now that I have it, I want to know how friendly the bank&apos;s system is to people without telephones.
</p>
<p>
	After checking up on the first several <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> registries today, I found one that appears to allow registration without a telephone number! The <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#as"><code>//as.</code> registry</a> asks for a telephone number and a fax number, but the telephone number can be set to any arbitrary string (such as &quot;no telephone number available&quot;) and the fax number can be left blank.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

