<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Austria, Bosnia, and Herzegovina &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Austria, Bosnia, and Herzegovina</h1>
			<p>Day 00200: Wednesday, 2015 September 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I found a couple registries that seem to be friendly to people without telephones.
	The first is the registry run by the Republic of Austria.
	This registry does some strange math as far as prices are concerned, but their registration form&apos;s telephone number field is marked as optional.
	They also allow you to keep some of your information out of the whois database, even if it is required information or information that you chose to give.
	Your name and postal address are still required to be in the database, but I&apos;m not too concerned about that.
	They also offer to send you your invoice by paper mail if you want, though if you opt for an email invoice instead, you get a discount.
	Paper invoices seem like a waste of paper and a waste of time.
	Email statements can be automated better and arrive sooner, but I guess in some businesses, having it sent by postal mail might fill some red tape obligation.
</p>
<p>
	The second registry is run by Bosnia and Herzegovina.
	Their website is only available in Bosnian, and their registration form&apos;s telephone field is required to be filled.
	However, this field takes strings as well as numbers, so &quot;no telephone number available&quot; can be used in place of a telephone number.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://wowana.me/">Wowaname</a> said she might be able to clean up the ugly script I use to compile this website, but it turned out my script was too ugly to make much sense of.
	She tried to enable the script to detect when the source code has been changed so it would recompile all of the pages that need to be recompiled without recompiling any of the pages that don&apos;t need to be recompiled.
	She tried having the script compare the uncompiled page to the copy that had been compiled last time the compile script had been run, but that didn&apos;t work because the compiled code will always be different from the uncompiled code.
	I explained to her that the only two ways I could think of to have the compile script auto-detect which files needed to be recompiled was either saving a copy of each uncompiled page at compile time to use for comparison next time or have the compiler compile every page every time, then check the newly-compiled version of the page against the old compiled version, and only write to disk if the two did not match.
	Both of these would be suboptimal, but especially the latter because it means compiling everything every time.
	Wowaname insists that I need to add this recompile-everything functionality to my script though.
	I feel like I&apos;m in a tight position because I can&apos;t really say &quot;no&quot;, but at the same time, I really don&apos;t like the thought of compiling everything every time.
	I added the check for already-compiled pages (though this check can&apos;t check the code for modification) because rebuilding the whole website was getting slower and slower each time a new page was added.
	My new machine can handle rebuilding the whole website loads better than my old one could, but the site will continue to grow and will hit the limits of this machine as well.
	What happens in ten years when I have over ten years worth of weblog entries that will all be getting compiled daily? And what happens if I go back to a weaker machine?
</p>
<p>
	I explained my fears to wowaname, and her suggestion was to treat the weblog section of the website differently.
	Most of the website could be recompiled every time, writing to disk only as necessary, while weblog pages would only be checked for existence, not changes, before compiling.
	This still makes me a bit uneasy, but I already have to treat the weblog section as a special case as far as directory index building, so it shouldn&apos;t be too big of an issue to set this up.
	Wowaname also suggested adding a flag that tells the compile script to override the normal weblog page detector and recompile a specific page.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been avoiding uploading this website&apos;s code out of lack of a decent Git host.
	However, as wowaname had offered to take a look at the code, I decided to upload it anyway.
	I don&apos;t like Github, because the software they use to host is nonfree, but I already have an account that I use for pull requests to Minetest and bug reports to other projects.
	I&apos;ve uploaded the source code there, for the time being.
	Wowaname says that she plans to start a Git-hosting service that runs on free software though, so once that is up, I will move my code there.
</p>
<p>
	Through a fairly-mundane series of events, I now have a new pseudonym: Larry Talb.
	Yst Dawson will of course remain my main name, but I might pull Larry on occasion.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

