<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Taxes &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/09-September/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Taxes</h1>
			<p>Day 00204: Sunday, 2015 September 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Due to the data loss issues bringing me lots of stress in February, I didn&apos;t get my taxes filed as soon as I usually do.
	After that, miscommunication between my mother and I prevented me from getting my taxes at least filed on time.
	I filed for an extension by mail on the last day before the deadline.
</p>
<p>
	After filing for an extension, I both fell into a bit of a slump and got busy.
	However, the extended deadline now approaches, so I need to get moving on my tax filing.
	I wanted to file by mail, due to not having a way to efile directly with the government.
	I didn&apos;t want to go through a third party to file my taxes.
	However, I&apos;m still very busy, so I&apos;ve decided to file through a company or two this year.
	I&apos;ve requested a <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> from the government for efiling purposes, but I spent much of the day out of the house, so that&apos;s as far as I got.
	Perhaps tomorrow, I will actually fill out the paperwork.
</p>
<p>
	Short of another disaster, I will be filing in February next year, as I normally do.
</p>
<p>
	When we were out shopping today, my mother asked how important it is that I avoid milk.
	She asked if my milk allergy was really so bad that I needed to avoid a product even if milk was the very last item on the ingredients list.
	I had to explain once again that first of all, it doesn&apos;t take a whole lot of milk to have a very negative effect on my mental state.
	This can manifest as either depression (if milk is ingested long-term) or headaches (if only a small amount of milk is ingested once).
	And second, my allergy is only 
tangentially related to my choice to become vegan.
	When I went vegan, my allergy symptoms went away, exposing the fact that I even had an allergy.
	However, if I had not chosen to go vegan, I would have never known about my allergy to milk.
	Finding out about my allergy did not cause me to go vegan, but vice versa.
</p>
<p>
	I don&apos;t understand her.
	Sometimes she tells me off about being vegan, saying that my reasons are stupid.
	She says that the environment is not worth it, and that I should just relax about the damage I would be doing by eating and animal products (she doesn&apos;t even register the fact that I don&apos;t use non-food animal products either).
	Other times, she forgets my motives altogether, seeming to think my milk allergy has something to do with it.
	At that point, she tries to get me to think that slight amounts of milk are fine or tries to get me on board with the idea of taking milk-allergy treatment pills so that milk can be on my menu again.
	I hope that one day she will be able to accept the truth.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F09-September%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

