<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>Failure is the aftermath of doubt &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Failure is the aftermath of doubt</h1>
			<p>Day 00331: Monday, 2016 February 01</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I went through my weblog and corrected the malformed <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	I saw a network mentioned that used to allow Tor users to join, but that now maliciously discriminates against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, thanks in part to <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a>&apos;s influence.
	I briefly considered removing the hyperlink instead of correcting it, but decided not to.
	There is a difference between censoring the past and simply correcting malformed <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
</p>
<p>
	I did not get out of the house as quickly as I wanted to today, but I still made it to the clinic quite early.
	After waiting in the lobby, a woman called me in to help me with my state-sponsored health insurance application.
	However, she asked for very little information from me.
	I brought a copy of the form that I had submitted by postal mail, but it turned out that I did not need it or even any information from it.
	She printed out the application, then copied it and gave me the copy.
	Looking through it, it is identical to the one that I submitted via post, but she left most of the fields blank.
	Honestly, I think that the copy that I submitted is more likely to be approved, as it actually has information on it! The form asks for both a telephone number and an email address, but she only asked for a telephone number, so when I explained that I do not have telephone service, she left them with no way to contact me aside from physical postal mail.
	Really? A few good things did come of it though.
	As she presumably kept the original she printed out, as she said that she sent the form in electronically and did not give me the original, someone has proof that I tried to apply, assuming something goes wrong.
	Next, she gave me proof of submission, which again, could come in handy.
	Lastly, she explained that coverage, once approved, is back dated to the date that the application was submitted.
	As long as I had that proof, some (though not all) health service providers will wait for payment until coverage is granted.
	It is still a gamble to try to use it before you are approved, as they may decline your application and leave you footing the bill, but in an emergency, it could help.
</p>
<p>
	Net, I headed over to the local community college.
	Along the way, I saw someone else that was sporting a <a href="http://www.asexualityarchive.com/black-rings/">black ring on his right middle finger</a> like I am, but I have no idea if he is actually asexual or not, or if he even knows that it is an asexual symbol.
</p>
<p>
	Once at the school, I made an appointment to see someone about my transfered-in credits.
	The soonest available appointment in on the tenth, so that is the appointment that I took.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, my mother complained that she had forgotten to get groceries, so I offered to pick them up today while I was in the area.
	She said that it was a long way to carry them on foot, by which she no doubt meant to tell me not to do it, but I did it anyway today.
	First of all, she did not directly tell me not to.
	But more importantly, I do not need her making bogus claims that if only I had a car and a driver license, I could have picked up the groceries for her.
	Both she and I know that if I had a car and a driver license, she would be more willing to send me on errands, but that I would still perform those errands on foot if at all feasible.
	This was plenty feasible.
</p>
<p>
	One of the local radio stations, the one that my mother listens to, calls itself &quot;K-DOCK&quot;.
	They spell it this way too at their headquarters.
	This has been quite enigmatic to me, as those are not valid call letters.
	I had thought that radio stations in the United States used four-letter call signs, though research today indicates that this is false.
	This station has also caused confusion for my mother, though she did not seem to know it.
	She kept calling the station &quot;K-DUCK&quot;, likely because of the &quot;KDUK&quot; station in Springfield.
	The radio would announce that &quot;K-DOCK&quot;, not &quot;KDUK&quot;, had radio station stickers that she wanted, but she said that every time that she went there, they were closed for the day, as she has to work during their business hours.
	With that in mind, she asked me to drop by &quot;KDUK&quot; if I was ever in the area while they were open and pick one up.
	I knew that the stickers were at K-DOCK, but figured that I had better do as asked and drop by &quot;KDUK&quot; to pick up one of their stickers if they had one, as that is what I had been asked to do.
	If I was wrong, and she really did want what she had asked for, she would chew me out later if I had grabbed the wrong ones, but if I was right but grabbed the ones that she had asked for, then she could not really blame me.
	Likewise, she had convinced me that KDUK is both in Springfield and here in Coos Bay.
	I do not listen to the radio, as it seems to play only proprietary music, so I took her at her word, not even questioning it until yesterday.
	I explained that while i know where a couple of the local radio stations are, I have not seen KDUK&apos;s building.
	 Yesterday, she showed me where &quot;KDUK&quot; is.
	It was not KDUK though, but K-DOCK, which I made sure to tell her.
	In any case, I picked up two of the stickers on the way home.
	Looking at the stickers, I saw &quot;K-DOCK&quot; in large print, but in small print, I saw the stations actual call letters: KDCQ.
	&quot;DOCK&quot; is simply an easier-to-recognize spelling of the attempted pronunciation of the letters &quot;DCQ&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	Having completed my errands, I headed home.
	Along the way, with my mobile on shuffle mode, I heard the song Revolution Now by Josh Woodward.
	It once again reminded me that <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/RevolutionNow">failure is the aftermath of doubt</a>.
	That snapped me out of my lingering funk from yesterday.
	I need to remain strong and not doubt myself, and there is strength in knowledge, which is best gained through information flow.
	I need to keep my continued contact with friends under wraps, and must refrain from spending too much time socializing as I have other things that need to be done, but if I allow her to convince me to forsake my friendships, she has succeeded in stripping me of my strength and potentially my strength of will.
	I have rejoined <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>, though my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> will remain dark.
</p>
<p>
	Also along the way home, I thought about the future of my array of default ports relating to different <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> schemes.
	On a later date, I may want to expand it to hold more scheme information that just default port numbers.
	However, if I complete this constant and have not accounted for the possibility of new features, any code that relies on this constant will break when the array is changed to become multi-dimensional.
	I must make it multi-dimensional before doing any further work on it.
	Likewise, in such an update, the constant name will either no longer be quite appropriate, or the constant name will need to be changed, causing breaks in code that relies on it.
	I need to change the name now, before it is complete.
	I already have a few things that I want to add to the array at some point: a list of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> components that are valid for use in <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s of the given scheme, the name of a function that can perform any special scheme-specific normalizations, and a boolean that specifies whether <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s of the given scheme can be expected to conform to standard <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax, as I have already come across one scheme in which no <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> conforms and another in which unnormalized <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s are allowed not to conform.
	<del>I will likely finish with default port number research before even starting research on the other three specifications.</del> <ins>On second thought, I should go back and re-read the specifications and fill out the missing data.
	That way, I would not have to go back and re-find information that I already found once, at least with the schemes that I have not yet worked with at all yet.</ins>
</p>
<p>
	I started at the beginning of the scheme list again, taking a look at <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 6733, which defines the <code>aaa:</code> and <code>aaas:</code> schemes.
	Looking more closely than I apparently did last time, I found that in <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6733#section-4.3.1">section 4.3.1</a>, the document is self-contradictory.
	It claims that <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s that use this scheme must conform to the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax set forth in <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 3986, but also defines the path as being composed of up to two segments that each begin with a semicolon.
	The host component, and therefor the authority component, is always present and must be a fully-qualified domain name.
	The path can only contain certain values, and cannot contain a slash.
	<abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 3986 specifies that if an authority component is present, the path must be empty or begin with a slash, yet <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 6733 claims to conform to it.
	I will need to do more than search for an &quot;it conforms&quot; statement in the future.
</p>
<p>
	I have come to the conclusion that I cannot properly test the values in my scheme information array without having both the function that uses these values and the functions mentioned in the values.
	I will put down the array for a while so I can build my main normalization function, then build the scheme-specific normalization functions as I go.
</p>
<p>
	My mother keeps insisting that it is impossible for a vegetarian diet, and especially a vegan diet, to be healthful.
	She is failing to comprehend the fact that I am willing to sacrifice my health for this.
	I am not doing this for improved health.
	However, it seems that i need to shoot down her argument.
	Of course, she does not want to do this research herself, even though she is convinced that her position is correct.
	So today, I found her some information: <a href="http://www.andjrnl.org/article/S0002-8223%2809%2900700-7/fulltext#sec1"><q>It is the position of the American Dietetic Association that appropriately planned vegetarian diets, including total vegetarian or vegan diets, are healthful, nutritionally adequate, and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases.
	Well-planned vegetarian diets are appropriate for individuals during all stages of the lifecycle, including pregnancy, lactation, infancy, childhood, and adolescence, and for athletes.</q></a>.
	Yes, it is true that I do not strive for nutrition.
	It is also true that my diet is likely unhealthy, though so is hers.
	However, my lack of a balanced diet has nothing to do with my veganism.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

