<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Sinking in the sand &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Sinking in the sand</h1>
			<p>Day 00334: <time>Thursday, 2016 February 04</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I found a new <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/linux-debian-programming/">Web browser theme for Firefox</a> that I like, so I installed it in Iceweasel.
	It combines three things that i love: Debian, dark themes, and code.
</p>
<p>
	I finished the main functions of my new <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-handling code.
	By ignoring the scheme-specific stuff for now, I was able to get my spider back up and operational.
	Basically, the only thing keeping the spider inactive for so long was my <code>merge_uris()</code> function, which depended on <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>&apos;s broken <code>\parse_url()</code> function.
	With my own <code>parse_uri()</code> function built and <code>merge_uris()</code> fixed, the spider only needed some light patching to use the new functions.
	I also updated the spider to remove all calls to <code>\parse_url()</code> before running it.
	I considered putting off work on the spider until my <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-handling code is completely finished, but the spider will take quite a while to run.
	If I get it started, I can work on the scheme-specific code while I wait for errors to inevitably reveal themselves during spider code execution.
	Currently, my function that calls the scheme-specific functions will not do so unless a specific constant array with necessary information has been defined, so it basically does not need the scheme-specific code, but has a hook through which I can cause it to execute that code once it is finished.
	I will wait until tomorrow to upload my work on include.d and the spider, giving the spider a bit more time to run into bugs that need to be fixed in both itself and especially in include.d.
</p>
<p>
	I meant to work on the <abbr title="Free Application for Federal Student Aid">FAFSA</abbr> after finishing the main functions of my new <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-handling code today, but I did not get around to that.
	Instead, I ended up traveling to the local beach with my family.
	Vanessa wanted to go, but opted not to once our mother got home, as our mother does not like the local beach and Vanessa did not want to exclude her.
	However, oddly enough, our mother wanted to go too, so we did go after all.
	I had traveled all the way from the beach access point to the far end of the walkable beach in one direction before, but we ended up traveling in the opposite direction.
	I do not know if it was because we were on a different section of the beach or because the sand was unusually wet today, but the ground kept sinking on us.
	The ground was full of holes and water, and as we stepped, we would sink into the sand, making it difficult to walk.
	Due to my mother being strange about me carrying a bag, I did not bring it, which was sort of a mixture of good and bad.
	I needlessly became dehydrated, but the bag is also heavy and would have caused me to sink deeper into the sand.
	Vanessa, Cyrus, and our mother started catching crabs to feed to the fish in our mother&apos;s school&apos;s aquarium, though I do not think that Vanessa and Cyrus were happy about their fate.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

