<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>&quot;included&quot; &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>&quot;included&quot;</h1>
			<p>Day 00341: Thursday, 2016 February 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Seeing as I did not have much time today, I got my stuff gathered up for heading to Springfield, then looked for a small project I could work on that I could easily walk away from if I did not finish in time.
	I decided to put together a <a href="https://notabug.org/y.st./include.d/src/master/README.txt">README file</a> for include.d, explaining what I expect of people that choose to make pull requests against it, assuming that ever happens, and explaining the file-naming conventions that need to be understood in order to make proper use of the code in other projects.
	NotABug.org is condensing spaces on the main include.d page and mistakingly interpreting the file as Markdown on the file&apos;s page, but aside from that, I it came out well.
</p>
<p>
	My mother came home early today.
	I thought that I had misremembered the time that she was coming by to pick me up! Thankfully, I was mostly ready to go and just had to take care of a couple quick items and I could walk out.
	However, it seems that she came home sick.
	For all I knew, I might not be headed to Springfield and she might miss her training in Portland.
</p>
<p>
	While she rested in an attempt to feel better, I did not want to start a major project such as finding a way for my spider to recognize when websites are down.
	Instead, I started building long-overdue test cases for include.d.
</p>
<p>
	It occurred to me today that if you remove the dot from the name &quot;include.d&quot;, you get the real word &quot;included&quot;.
	This was not my intention, but I like it.
	The actual intention was that it was built to be put in the include path, you could use the <code>include</code> keyword to import the functions and constants (though I personally prefer the <code>require</code> keyword), and Debian sometimes used a &quot;.d&quot; suffix to denote that a file is a directory.
	I wish that I had been creative enough for the word &quot;included&quot; to be part of why I initially chose the name, but at least now I can retroactively make that a part why I am continuing to use that name.
</p>
<p>
	We did end up going to Springfield, where she dropped me off at he old house, then she continued on to Portland for her training.
	On the way to Springfield, she asked about what I had found out at the school yesterday, so I told her sooner than I was expecting to.
	She suggested looking into other local schools and their online offerings.
	I have also been given two errands to perform tomorrow.
	First, I need to return a long-overdue school cello to the middle school, then I must make my way to the power and water company to pay a bill and pick up copies of other past bills.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that while the official <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network has shut down their onion address, <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a> operates an unofficial <a href="irc://xrzccqumsmaazusa.onion/%23I2P">relay</a> to their network! I think that I will actually bother to set up an account there now when time allows.
</p>
<p>
	As I was away from home, I got to test out reaching <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local.xhtml">cepo</a> via <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> through onion space.
	It works! I thought that it would, but I had not bothered to test until I actually needed this connection.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

