<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Happy Parallel &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Happy Parallel</h1>
			<p>Day 00342: Friday, 2016 February 12</p>
		</header>
<p>
	When I returned the cello and music book today, the person in the school office asked who I was returning it for.
	I did not want Vivian to get in trouble for having kept it for several years, but I was prepared for such a question.
	There was a name sticker on the book with my sister&apos;s name on the book, but I had already peeled it off revealing the name of the person that had used the book before her.
	If asked who I was, I would have used my real first name but the former user&apos;s last name, resulting in the name &quot;Yst Ryan&quot;.
	I was not asked for my name, but when asked who I was delivering it for, I replied &quot;Alison Ryan&quot;, which was believable because it was the name on the book.
	I got the feeling though that they were asking who to deliver the instrument to, but I was not prepared for that question and answered before realizing what was really being asked.
	After I left, they might have tried to find out which class Alison Ryan was in or dropped it off at the orchestra room with a note saying that it was the cello of Alison Ryan.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I walked downtown to the utility board to pay the bill and pick up documents.
	The representative was not expecting me and asked if my mother had called ahead to tell them that I was coming.
	I told her that she did, so she checked in the back to see what she could find, then came back with a thickly-packed letter-mailing envelope, presumably packed full of folded documents.
	Between the school and the utility board, it had started to rain, so my mother is lucky that I refuse to stop carrying my bag when she is not around to care.
	Thanks to the bag, her documents remained dry.
</p>
<p>
	I did not get as much cleaned up at the house as I had hoped to today.
	Hopefully I can make a lot more progress tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	While I worked, I listened to music.
	After listening to several different shuffled sets of tracks, I put <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/happy-parallel">Brandt Cooley&apos;s Happy Parallel</a>.
	Typically, I do not hear much of this album.
	When I put all my music on shuffle, sheer probability keeps me from hearing much from this album.
	When I put Professor Shyguy&apos;s work on shuffle, this album gets left out because most of his work is under the name &quot;Professor Shyguy&quot; while this album is under the name &quot;Brandt Cooley&quot;, so the mobile thinks that these are two different artists and does not combine their music.
	Now that I am actually hearing it, I think that this is perhaps his best album! My understanding is that this album was produced before he took on the name &quot;Professor Shyguy&quot;, and from the sound of the album, it was before he started working with chiptune.
	Come to think of it though, I also really enjoy <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/unplugged-please-check-connection">Unplugged: Please Check Connection</a>, Professor Shyguy&apos;s non-chiptune album, so perhaps I like Professor Shyguy&apos;s work better when he puts down the chiptune and picks up more traditional instruments.
	Do not get me wrong though, his chiptune music is awesome too!
</p>
<p>
	I am lucky that the neighbor has an open Wi-Fi connection.
	Without it, I would not have been able to update my weblog yesterday or today.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

