<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother has her first ex-husband&apos;s high school diploma ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother has her first ex-husband&apos;s high school diploma ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00343: Saturday, 2016 February 13</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I think that I realized why I find <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/happy-parallel">Happy Parallel</a> so enchanting.
	I already knew that Brandt is a skilled non-chiptune musician from listening to <a href="http://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/unplugged-please-check-connection">Unplugged: Please Check Connection</a>, but Happy Parallel has something more.
	It lacks all the references to proprietary games! I love listening to his songs about proprietary games because the songs themselves are free, but I think that it is easier for me to get into the music when those topics are removed.
	In fact, of his chiptune works, it is the ones that lack such references that I love most, such as <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/track/science-life-abcs">Science, Life, &amp; ABCs</a>, <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/track/keywords-dubstep">Keywords &amp; Dubstep</a>, <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/track/my-simple-pop-song">My Simple Pop Song</a>, and <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/track/ana-ng-feat-the-doubleclicks">Ana Ng</a>.
	I had not really noticed this pattern before.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that <abbr title="Open and Free Technology Community">OFTC</abbr> has blacklisted several of <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a>&apos;s user names, preventing them from being used, not only by her, but by anyone.
	They also dropped the name &quot;wowaname&quot; from registration, allowing someone else to register it.
	Of course, this does not at all prevent her from connecting the way that it would me.
	If you take away my ability to use my name, I leave.
	Most people are not like that though, and will simply choose a new name.
	Furthermore, wowaname is known for ban evasion, so a simple name block is not going to keep her out.
	By blocking her names, all that they have done is made it harder to identify her when she does connect.
	She annoyed them with her trolling, but their attempts to keep her off the network are shoddy at best and are completely counterproductive.
</p>
<p>
	I quit using embelish.py today.
	It was fun at first, but it is starting to get old.
	I do not mind other people using such fancy formatting, but it really is not my style.
	I tried something new though for a little more subtle in customization of text.
	I used one of the more standard scripts, text_replace.py, to replace all my lower-case esses with the character U+238E HYSTERESIS SYMBOL.
	The effect looked pretty cool, but on <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, z was a bit of a spoilsport about it.
	Apparently, he uses broken software to connect to <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>.
	He uses a commend line client, and his command line is unable to display many glyphs even when his font supports them.
	Instead of accepting what I said repeatedly about how he could treat all &quot;broken&quot; characters that I say as esses, he insisted that my text was unreadable.
	Instead of admitting that the problem is on his end because he is using software that he knows to be broken, he insisted that I change my text back to normal.
	It was sad, but as usual, I try not to piss people off that do not actively antagonize me, so I went back to regular text.
	He tried to offer me the option of using lambda characters in some way (presumably U+03BB GREEK SMALL LETTER LAMDA [sic] shows up correctly for him), but that character really does not fit me.
	I do not think that he (or anyone else in the channel) realizes whey I chose U+238E HYSTERESIS SYMBOL.
	Furthermore, lambda characters seem too related to lambda functions in programming.
	These are functions without a true name and which cannot be easily reused.
	I do not use lambda functions.
	These are my thoughts on functions: If the function can be reused in other projects, it should have a proper name and not be a lambda function.
	If the function is project-specific and cannot really be reused, it should be a lambda function (or closure).
	If your function cannot be reused in other projects, you probably have not generalized it enough.
	While I support the existence of such language constructs as lambda functions and closures, I feel that in most cases, using them is the wrong way to go about things.
	They are like the eval language construct: the language should support it, but developers should avoid using it if at all possible.
</p>
<p>
	While cleaning up, I found my mother&apos;s first ex-husband&apos;s high school diploma.
	Why does she even have this? Speaking of which, when I got my high school diploma, she insisted on &quot;keeping it herself for a while&quot;, but it has been years and she still has not given mine back either.
	This does not bode well for my chances of ever seeing my diploma again.
</p>
<p>
	My mother said that we would be returning on Saturday, but it is Saturday now, and she never showed.
	She must have changed the plan without telling me.
	I did not bring clean clothing to change into tomorrow.
	Maybe she will come tomorrow?
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

