<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Returning home &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Returning home</h1>
			<p>Day 00344: Sunday, 2016 February 14</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Taking a break from cleaning, I set up a couple command aliases on WeeChat allow me to quickly turn on and off my automatic ess replacement.
	However, though this was not happening yesterday, esses in commands are being replaced too.
	While setting up these commands, I ended up having to shut off WeeChat so that I could manually edit the configuration and finish writing up my command aliases.
	Having found this new issue, I added an escape option to my ess replacement, both when automatic replacement is on and when it is off.
	When on, a backslash before the ess causes it to remain a simple ess and not be replaced.
	When off, a backslash causes the simple ess to be converted to U+238E HYSTERESIS SYMBOL.
	The aliases, if anyone wants them, can be set up in WeeChat with the following commands.
	Make sure that you add both aliases before running <code>/on</code> though.
</p>
<ul>
<li><code>/alias on set plugins.var.python.text_replace.replacement_pairs &quot;s=⎎,\⎎=s&quot;</code></li>
<li><code>/alias off set plugins.var.python.text_replace.replacement_pairs &quot;\s=⎎&quot;</code></li>
</ul>
<p>
	On <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, whitanne showed me that there is a <a href="http://vwakviie2ienjx6t.onion/">Debian mirror in onion space</a>! There is no time now, but I need to switch to using this mirror when I get a chance.
	Apparently, more than just privacy went into the decision to set up this mirror.
	<a href="http://richardhartmann.de/blog/posts/2015/08/24-Tor-enabled_Debian_mirror/">Attackers knowing when security patches have been installed on your machine was a concern that could not be fixed using basic <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr>.</a> Simply put, <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> would obscure the details of what exactly you downloaded from the Debian repositories, but it would not obscure the size, which could be compared against the package sizes of new security updates.
</p>
<p>
	By the end of the night, I was starting to panic.
	The thing that you have to understand is that I suffer from extreme paranoia.
	I quite literally trust no one.
	If I say that I trust you, I do not mean that in any literal sense, I simply trust you a little more than other people, but still not much at all.
	My mother had not showed yesterday, she did not seem to be showing today, and my father had already driven off with Vanessa and Cyrus.
	Typically, my mother wants to beat them home to be there to welcome them.
	I happened to sit down at my computer for another break though, and saw that Vanessa and Cyrus were online in TorChat.
	I had a secure way to ask if our mother was at home! As it turns out, she was not, and later came to pick me up.
	She emailed before coming, though this was after the last time that I checked my computer, and she had failed to communicate the fact that I would be staying an extra day, so I was not expecting any email from her.
	I only learned about the email on the way home.
</p>
<p>
	She complained that i had not yet thrown out one particular item, so I threw that out before we left, but otherwise did not seem as disappointed in my progress in cleaning the house as I am.
	I feel like I should have gotten more done.
</p>
<p>
	Just as we were almost home, we saw a deer in the middle of the street and nearly smacked into it.
	It did not help that it was a very foggy night.
	We swerved and the deer was fine, but soon after, the van started a rhythmic and slight jerking, as if somethong was wrong with one of the wheels.
	Sure enough, when we checked, a decent-sized bolt or screw had been lodged deep within the tire.
	We are not sure if this tire is under warranty, so it might be expensive to fix.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

