<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>IRC &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr></h1>
			<p>Day 00347: Wednesday, 2016 February 17</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;ve come to the conclusion that my obsession with short names is counterproductive to setting up an <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network for several reasons.
	First and foremost, I need allies more than I need a great name.
	<a href="http://zdasgqu3geo7i7yj.onion/">The Unknown Man</a> and I seem to agree on a lot of things as to how the network should be run.
	If I can play my strengths and he his, we should have a better chance of success than either of us would alone.
	The Unknown Man beat me to being prepared, so if that means that he gets to pick a cool-sounding name instead of me getting to pick a single-character name, that seems more than fair.
	Furthermore, my obsession with short names makes no sense, given the current context.
	When dealing with domain names, there is a length limit.
	Simply put, a short domain name technically has more subdomains than a long domain name.
	In practice, this does not mean a whole lot, as even the longest possible second- or even third-level domains has many more times the number of subdomains than there exist <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Four">IPv4</abbr> and <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Six">IPv6</abbr> addresses combined.
	If you have a domain, there may not be enough disk space or computing power in the world to host unique content and/or services at every one of your subdomains, assuming that you do not host something such as a dynamic Web page that generates content based on the domain name used to access the page.
	However, I find the extended range of subdomains to be rather symbolic of the open possibilities, possibilities that I&apos;d be cutting myself off from by insisting on using such a short network name.
	Besides, network names do not have &quot;sub-names&quot;.
	Only the single name would be used, and only really in <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	As <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s do not seem to suffer from a length limit, as I said above, my obsession is out of context here.
	And that is not to mention the fact that the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> that makes use of the short name would only really work if we actually became known by our official name of &quot;s&quot;.
	More likely, if our address even gets bundled in <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> clients at all, we would become known as &quot;s network&quot;, &quot;s-net&quot;, or something else that is not just a single letter.
	The name &quot;V0rtex&quot; sounds much better, is easier to recognize, is more likely to catch on, and is more likely to lead us to actually becoming a major network.
	There is little change that we actually <strong>*will*</strong> become a major network, but I should not be imposing strange restrictions that do nothing but hinder our chances.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of strange restrictions, I am going to try to convince The Unknown Man that we should keep our ports 994 and 6667 open to users if at all possible.
	He wants to rent server resource, so I don&apos;t know if the hosting company will allow use of port 994 to begin with.
	Furthermore, they use one of the <abbr title="Berkeley Software Distribution">BSD</abbr> systems, I forget which one, so the things I learned about making it work on that system may not apply, even if the hosting company allows it.
	I will say this: it is a good thing that I chose to use <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> yesterday, as that is the daemon that The Unknown Man and I had discussed using before.
	If it wasn&apos;t, I would need to uninstall it and set up the other daemon.
</p>
<p>
	I set up the onion ports 6697 and 9999 to forward to local port 994, so now TLS connections are available on all three ports.
</p>
<p>
	I found that my school email account comes with a <abbr title="Session Initiation Protocol">SIP</abbr> account.
	Of course, this account cannot be trusted because it is hosted and run by Microsoft, but maybe it means that the school is willing to contact and be contacted via <abbr title="Session Initiation Protocol">SIP</abbr>.
	I haven&apos;t seen a <abbr title="Session Initiation Protocol">SIP</abbr> address on their website, so probably not, but it is worth asking about if I end up going to school there.
	When I find the time, I need to get my own <abbr title="Session Initiation Protocol">SIP</abbr> account set up under my own domain.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

