<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Orbot onions and tox: URIs &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Orbot onions and <code>tox:</code> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s</h1>
			<p>Day 00350: Saturday, 2016 February 20</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been very curious about hidden service hosting on a mobile.
	In particular, I wanted to know where the onion key for such a hidden service is stored by Orbot.
	So today, I decided to give in and give it a random onion address.
	I have tried assigning it one of my generated onion addresses, but I never got that working, so now, I allowed it to generate its own onion address.
	I found that if you use oandbackup to view and modify Orbot&apos;s files, the onion address will be located at &quot;{decompressed directory}/org.torproject.android/app_data/hs{port that you specified}/private_key&quot;.
	Changing onion ports will cause Orbot to generate a new onion address, though the original one will not be deleted, it will only go dormant until the port is switched back.
	Unlike Ricochet, Orbot is not afraid to generate onion addresses without Internet access, so I was able to generate these onion addresses without causing any of them to go live.
	It should be very easy to swap out the onion for a more readable address if I ever decided to host a hidden service on my mobile.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://ronsor.net/">Ronsor</a> built a new encryption library called <a href="http://ronsor.net/rcrypt.tgz">rcrypt</a>.
	I&apos;m not sure if there&apos;s any sort of security goal that he is trying to accomplish by building his own encryption algorithms, but I get the feeling that this is more of a project for fun than anything.
	I hope that he learns a lot from this project, though unless he is extremely good at securing encryption algorithms, rcrypt isn&apos;t going to become widely used.
	Still, it seems like fun to experiment with and encrypting alone is no fun, so I generated a set of keys myself.
	I need to get an encryption page up at some point, displaying the various public keys that I use, such as this new key, my <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> key, my <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> key, and because people ask for it sometimes, the hash of my <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate.
	I might put the two onion addresses that I use there too, as onion addresses are a means of locating a particular public key for hidden service encryption.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from the state today saying that they had amended my tax return and were giving me back more money than I had asked for.
	The issue had been that I had not applied for the kickback from last year because the tax-preparation site had been very confusing in regards to how to apply for that.
	In any case, the hilarious part is that the state said that I disagreed with them giving me this extra money, I could appeal to have them accept my original filed return instead.
	Though less funny, this notice that they sent came a day later than the actual check from them.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been considering installing <a href="https://tox.chat/">Tox</a> lately.
	It seems like a nice encryption-heavy and decentralized communication platform.
	However, they use an <a href="https://wiki.tox.chat/users/toxlinks">unregistered <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> scheme</a> for linking to chat handles on Web pages.
	This of course has no impact on whether or not I start using the software, but if they register their scheme, I&apos;ll actually post a link to my handle as well.
	Over the past few days, I&apos;ve considered attempting to register the <code>tox:</code> scheme as a provisional scheme, but I decided that it would be better if I tried to talk the Tox developers into registering it themselves.
	They would have better control of it that way.
	I was going to post the suggestion as a feature request, but reading through the bug tracker, it was already there.
	The developers seemed to be planning to attempt to register the scheme after the protocol is more finalized.
	I didn&apos;t think that waiting was the best idea unless they planned on waiting to roll out support for such <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s in their software, but they had already rolled out support.
	From what I&apos;ve been reading, <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> schemes should not be turned loose outside of a closed test environment without being registered, even if only registered provisionally, so I decided to see if I could change their minds.
	The worst that would happen is that they would turn me down or ignore me, right? So I plead my case, <a href="https://github.com/irungentoo/toxcore/issues/1445#issuecomment-186682857">citing three main reasons that they might want to consider a provisional registration now</a>, and it seems that one of the developers is now looking into it!
</p>
<p>
	While we did clean up around the house today, we ended up going to the beach instead of working in the classroom.
	I think that my mother was too weary of the place to set foot in there today.
	I can&apos;t really blame here.
	She spends nearly every day wrangling monsters in there.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

