<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Volatile Git &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Volatile Git</h1>
			<p>Day 00352: Monday, 2016 February 22</p>
		</header>
<p>
	When I awoke, I found that my mobile&apos;s battery was dead, despite having been mostly-charged when I went to bed.
	I plugged the mobile into the wall, but the battery drain was almost as quick as the charging process.
	My laptop also seemed to have much shorter battery life today.
	Tox is a real battery drainer! I ended up uninstalling it from the mobile and I won&apos;t run it on my laptop on autostart anymore, I&apos;ll run it only when I have a wall outlet to plug into and am actually at my machine.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> record for my mobile&apos;s Tox instance seems to resolve now on uTox, but not on qTox.
	I find this very confusing, but as uTox and qTox seem to share profile information and contacts, it is possible to use one application to add contacts and the other to chat.
</p>
<p>
	I stumbled upon another project, <a href="https://ring.cx/">Ring</a>.
	The people on Tox brought it up and called it a Tox clone.
	It looks like it might be useful, but it isn&apos;t something that I want to look into right now.
	It seems that I have so little time lately even for the things that I want to get done.
	If Ring had either a <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> scheme or <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> support, it might attract my interest a bit more, but for now, I&apos;ll set it aside.
</p>
<p>
	Someone that prefers not to be mentioned brought up an article about a <a href="https://blog.creativecommons.org/2007/10/11/version-301-public-discussion-launched/">problematic clause in <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported">CC BY 3.0</abbr></a>.
	Supposedly they fixed it in version 3.01 of the license (a version that I can&apos;t even find), but I don&apos;t think that the new version of the clause does what they say that they want it to.
	Supposedly, they want the license to not grant the right to ignore the &quot;moral rights&quot; of the author, but instead, the license seems to enforce the author&apos;s &quot;moral rights&quot;.
	That said, I don&apos;t think that this will be an issue in practice.
	Unlike the <abbr title="GNU &quot;Free&quot; Documentation License">GFDL</abbr>, which is intended to be proprietary, <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> is intended to be free.
	The intent of the licensers and the authors of the license needs to be taken into account, as if no legal actions are taken, those clauses essentially don&apos;t exist.
	It&apos;s troubling to have that language in the license, but that is one of the two main free media licenses and ruling out all works under it severely cuts what media is even available.
	I am going to continue listening to music under this license, though I hope that sites such as Bandcamp upgrade to version four of the license.
</p>
<p>
	I took a trip to Bank of America, the bank that I dislike because of strange fees that they&apos;ve levied on me in the past.
	It&apos;s stupid for me to even consider getting an account with them, but I was going to do it anyway.
	Banner Bank, my current bank, is having marked bills destroyed, which is counterproductive to my stamping of all bills that pass through me.
	However, Bank of America has sold all its branches that are even remotely local to Bank of the Cascades! The nearest branch that they have left is in Eugene, which isn&apos;t exactly within walking distance of my home any more.
	I could start an account with Bank of the Cascades, but they said that during this transitional period, new accounts cannot be created.
	I think that they said that new accounts will once again be available on the seventh of next month, but I had lots of coins that I needed to get rid of as I have no good place to store them and they were filling up both of my wallets.
	Next, I tried the other local bank, US bank.
	They, however, charge poor people a fee for being poor; there&apos;s a minimum account balance that one must meet to avoid this fee every month.
	Out of reasonably-distanced options, I went back to my current bank and deposited both the tax refund check and my piles of coins.
	I will try Bank of the Cascades again in two weeks if my second tax refund check has arrived.
</p>
<p>
	While I was out today, it seems that I missed my package from the mobile company; it required a signature.
	The delivery people left a note saying that they would try again tomorrow.
	I guess that I should have postponed my trip to the bank until after I had the package, but I had no idea that it was coming today.
	Oh well, I&apos;ll wait at home tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://ronsor.net/">Ronsor</a> released a JavaScript version of <a href="http://ronsor.net/rcrypt.html">rcrypt</a> today.
	Now certificates can be viewed or even created from within a Web browser.
	Again, when I get time, I need to set up a Web page with my public keys.
	Encryption keys aren&apos;t doing me any good when no one knows what they are to use them when communicating with me.
</p>
<p>
	On <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, z was asking me why my code is not up on <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/">Volatile Git</a>.
	I had been meaning to get my code backed up there, but I&apos;ve been so busy with other things lately.
	Seeing as I would be using Volatile Git&apos;s onion address, I first needed to get my <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> proxy set up so that I would even be able to push my online repositories through Git.
	<a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">Wowaname</a> said that faye might be able to help, so I asked faye about setting <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> up to proxy all connections except those that are made to hosts on one of two specific <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s, those used for local connections and that need to resolve <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> locally: <code>//local.</code> and <code>//test.</code>.
	As it turns out, I need to start reading the manual.
	Usually, I just use the <code>--help</code> argument passed to a given command instead, as it provides quicker and more concise information.
	However, this is only good when figuring out what arguments to pass in.
	When modifying configuration files, the information in the manual is more relevant.
	The configuration lines to add to <code>~/.ssh/config</code> are simply these:
</p>
<blockquote><pre>Host * !*.local local !*.test test
	ProxyCommand socat - socks4a:127.0.0.1:%h:%p,socksport=9050</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	With my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>-enabled <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> connection up, I set up my account at Volatile Git.
	As I was uploading to a new repository, I took the opportunity to change the name of my spider from OnionSearch to OnionSpider.
	Originally, the plan was to create an actual search engine, but I just don&apos;t have the resources to run an actual search engine, and downgraded the project to only find onion-based services instead of additionally indexing all found pages.
	I changed the repository name on my NotABug.org account, then uploaded everything that I have on my NotABug.org account to my Volatile Git account, aside from one repository that I&apos;ve been meaning to delete but still haven&apos;t.
	I&apos;ve noticed that while NotABug.org lower-cases letters in it&apos;s Git repository addresses used for cloning (though not thee Web address), Volatile Git is better at preserving case.
	However, both the hidden service and clearnet service provide Git repository addresses that use the clearnet address.
	As Volatile Git runs on Gogs, I sould propably file a bug report against Gogs when I get time.
</p>
<p>
	Tonight, my mother explained the reason that her friend will be staying over for a while.
	Apparently, there is a Geocaching event in the area that the two will be attending together.
	My mother has now invited me, but I&apos;m not going to fall for that trap.
	I hate my legal name, preferring instead to use my real name, but if I use anything but my legal name in the presence of people that she interacts with, she freaks out.
	Thankfully, it seems that she wasn&apos;t expecting me to take her up on the invitation, and only offered in an effort to be nice.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

