<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Jeb Bush is out of the running.
	One down and two to go! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Jeb Bush is out of the running.
	One down and two to go!</h1>
			<p>Day 00353: <time>Tuesday, 2016 February 23</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My sister brought to my attention that <a href="http://www.cbsnews.com/news/jeb-bush-drops-out-of-the-presidential-race/">Jeb Bush has dropped out of the running for president</a>! This is fantastic news.
	Bush said that if he became president, he would reverse the net neutrality decision, making him a huge threat to the Internet.
	However, there are still horrible people running that need to be defeated, either before or during the election.
	Donald Trump claims that he will lock down the Internet if elected.
	This threat is very vague, but still ominous.
	Furthermore, his racist ideals are certainly no good for our country.
	Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, has teamed up with Monsonto.
	We don&apos;t need a president that is in debt to that evil corporation.
	Clinton also has proved that she cannot be trusted by hiding her government-related emails from both the government and the public.
	One down, two to go!
</p>
<p>
	A user on Tox posted an interesting link.
	I had thought that there were to equally-valid ways of dealing with copyright issues.
	The first method, and the one I use, is to avoid nonfree works.
	In doing so, I can put my energy into supporting artists and developers that don&apos;t try to oppress fans and users.
	The second strategy is to disregard copyright.
	This strategy is illegal, but if everyone did it, copyright would be essentially meaningless.
	Copyright wouldn&apos;t even hold up in court because jurors wouldn&apos;t convict over something that they themselves do.
	However, is seems that in practice, copyright infringement is a bad idea.
	Research suggests that <a href="https://torrentfreak.com/software-piracy-hurts-linux-adoption-research-finds-160221/">piracy of the Windows operating system is hindering the adoption of Linux</a>.
	There&apos;s no reason why this effect would be isolated to Windows and Linux.
	Other software and media are likely effected by this as well.
	This means that we should probably avoid nonfree works of any kind if it can at all be helped.
	Piracy is not the answer, using free software and media is!
</p>
<p>
	Marc With a C sent out another letter about <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/unicorns-get-more-bacon">Unicorns Get More Bacon</a>.
	If you haven&apos;t bought it already, his mystery bonus offer is still going.
</p>
<p>
	I received my new voter registration card in the mail today.
	The thing is though, I still haven&apos;t updated my voter registration information yet.
	My guess is that this happened because I sent in that change of address form with the post office.
	They likely assumed that I&apos;d also want my voter registration information updated and did that automatically.
	I still need to actually send in my voter registration update at some point though to change my political party, but not at the moment.
	There&apos;s too much to do right now and it could be useful being registered with the wrong party for the time being.
	I can vote against Trump in the primary elections this way.
</p>
<p>
	My new mobile came in the mail today.
	As I said previously, it&apos;s not one that I&apos;ll use for anything but experimentation, but as I&apos;m already paying for it in my monthly bill, I might as well actually get the thing.
	I was disgusted to find that the battery of the device could not be removed though! This means that if the battery ever goes dead, you have to replace the entire device.
	That&apos;s just idiotic.
	However, unlike my last device from them, you can actually disable Google Play Services, which among other things, both helps with privacy and fixes the error in which Google Play Services keeps crashing due to other Google applications having been disabled.
	However, not all of the Google applications can be disabled on this device.
	Google made sure to prevent the Google search application from being disabled.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of mobile devices, Cyrus found one on the way home from school today.
	He kept calling different contacts on the device looking for someone that could put him in touch with the owner until he managed to actually call the owner, who apparently had borrowed someone else&apos;s device.
	They seemed pretty happy to get the thing back.
</p>
<p>
	It&apos;s been quite a while since I&apos;ve heard from <a href="http://zdasgqu3geo7i7yj.onion/">The Unknown Man</a>.
	I&apos;m starting to wonder when he will be in reach again.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

