<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>Add Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio to the list of unfit presidential candidates &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Add Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio to the list of unfit presidential candidates</h1>
			<p>Day 00356: <time>Friday, 2016 February 26</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Again, I spent most of my time today cleaning up around the house in preparation for my mother&apos;s guest.
	I did take some time out to get some of my own stuff done though.
</p>
<p>
	I compiled the latest stable version of <a href="apt:atheme-services">Atheme <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> Services</a>, configured it, and got it set up on my server.
	I&apos;ll probably need to tweak the configuration a bit more later.
	I definitely need to figure out how to make NickServ automatically identify users by their client <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, who are currently campaigning to become the next president of my country, are fighting against net neutrality now.
	I found a nice article on the topic, but at the time of writing, while I am trying to check my sources, the website is hating on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users pretty badly.
	I fill out a <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>, then get redirected to the home page.
	No matter how many <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>s I fill out, every time I try again to load the article, I get hit with another <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall and another redirect to the home page.
	Clearly, they don&apos;t want readers, so I won&apos;t send any their way.
	In any case, this means that Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio need to be added to the list of people that we need to keep out of office.
</p>
<p>
	On <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, z helped me get the <a href="https://fial.com/~scott/tamsyn-font/">Tamsyn font</a> working today.
	Somehow, it worked without issue this time.
	Maybe last time I was entering the wrong commands into the command line? I&apos;m not sure.
	These things would be a lot easier though it there was a way to do them using the graphical interface.
	There&apos;s no reason why a regular user is going to know how to do this on the command line, but that doesn&apos;t mean that regular users aren&apos;t going to find fonts that they like and that they want to install.
	It was nice getting to try this font, but now that it&apos;s working, I&apos;m not sure how long that I&apos;ll actually use it.
	It&apos;s a very limited font and is missing support for non-<abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> characters.
	It doesn&apos;t match the fallback font either, so Unicode characters look out of place when present.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

