<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>Ronsor Public License v2.5 &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/02-February/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Ronsor Public License v2.5</h1>
			<p>Day 00359: Monday, 2016 February 29</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today is the day I was planning to buy a short domain originally.
	Thankfully, I made the purchase back when a short name was actually available.
	There are no more short names that are available in <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> spaces that are not run by registries that ask for telephone numbers from their customers.
	I thought that it would be fun to have a short domain purchased on a date that only occurs once every four years, but that&apos;s a stupid arbitrary reason to wait to register a domain.
	If I had waited, I would not have a short domain at all, or if I did, it wouldn&apos;t be in what i later discovered was my favorite name space.
</p>
<p>
	Mother&apos;s friend went home this morning.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been meaning to submit feedback for the local community college&apos;s online orientation, but I hadn&apos;t gotten around to it yet.
	Today, I emailed that in, on the final day that feedback would be accepted.
	I really wish I wasn&apos;t so far behind.
	It would have helped if I didn&apos;t spend yesterday taking a break.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://ronsor.net/">Ronsor</a> found out that his <code>&lt;form/&gt;</code> that submits to an email address is actually nonstandard, but works in many Web browsers.
	I didn&apos;t look into the standard myself, but it is kind of odd that it works.
	He also said that he&apos;s releasing his website under the Ronsor Public License v2.5, which is just the short text <q>Do whatever you want except take credit for it.
	I&apos;d like you to notify me if you redistribute my content, but it is not mandatory.</q>.
	It is now free, so when I finally catch up on everything that I need to get done, I will probably set up a mirror.
	I get the feeling that a certain someone pressured him into releasing it freely; it wasn&apos;t me.
	He also has his own <a href="https://ronsor.net/form.html">search engine</a>.
	It is possible to submit <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s for inclusion, but this is done via email.
	I can&apos;t help but think that this means that he has to add <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s manually.
	I try not to beg people to link to me, so I didn&apos;t send in my <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> for inclusion.
</p>
<p>
	Ronsor also tried to get me to start using <a href="https://github.com/cjdelisle/cjdns/">cjdns</a>.
	After looking into how it works, I was less than enthusiastic.
	Unlike <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, there is no central authority; you can&apos;t just join the network.
	In fact, there is no one network.
	Instead, there are several independent networks, and to join any of them, you need to obtain permission from someone already on that network, at which point you connect your node to theirs.
	This introduces a number of issues.
	First of all, this is a trust-based networking model.
	I strongly feel that trust in any individual is a weak link.
	It either kills anonymity or involves taking the blame for people that you &quot;trusted&quot;, but didn&apos;t actually know.
	Second, when connecting to the network directly through their node, what happens if their node goes down? My assumption is that you lose access to the network until their node goes back up.
	There&apos;s no redundancy.
	Obviously, I cannot use this for anything serious, but Ronsor is my friend, so I expressed my concerns but tried to set it up anyway.
	I figured I could connect through cjdns to Ronsor&apos;s server like he wanted, but not use it for anything else.
	There is no package for cjdns in the Debian repositories, so I tried to compile it from source.
	I never could get it to successfully compile though.
	I just kept running into an error about the Node.js archive that the compilation script tried to download being corrupted:
</p>
<blockquote><pre>==&gt; Downloading http://nodejs.org/dist/v0.10.24/node-v0.10.24-linux-x64.tar.gz with wget...
	DONE!
==&gt; Verifying the checksum of the downloaded archive...
	ERROR: The downloaded file is damaged! Aborting</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	My system&apos;s package of <a href="nodejs">Node.js</a> was too old, so the compilation script couldn&apos;t use it, and I tried downloading the archive myself and putting it in the source directory, but the compilation script didn&apos;t check for it there.
	I strongly suspect that it&apos;s failing to download the archive, not that the archive is actually damaged, but in either case, I&apos;m not sure why it&apos;s happening.
	There doesn&apos;t seem to be a reason that the download would fail or would come through damaged.
	I ended up giving up on this task for the day.
</p>
<p>
	I ended up at a restaurant today, so I ordered the only seemingly-vegan item on the menu.
	However, I&apos;ve learned from past experience at this restaurant that while the ingredients that they admit on the menu are included are vegan, the chefs add sour cream and cheese to the actual burrito.
	Yuck! So, I specifically asked that the sour cream and cheese be left off.
	However, they spaced it and added them anyway.
	I really feel bad having to have sent it back.
	It seems like such a waste of food.
	However, milk products literally give me a headache.
	It&apos;s not fair that I should get a headache just because they a) include extra ingredients that they don&apos;t mention on the menu and b) failed to leave them off when I asked that they be left off.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F02-February%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

