<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/10-October/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>A fully-free mobile device? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/10-October/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A fully-free mobile device?</h1>
			<p>Day 00576: Monday, 2016 October 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>15 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>14 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I learned today about an upcoming mobile device that claims to be fully free.
	The <a href="https://puri.sm./surveys/librem-phone-preliminary-survey/">Librium</a> promises to run a free software stack based on regular Linux, not Android, and have even the hardware specifications released to the public! Apperently though, there is some doubt as to whether they will meet expectations though.
	Some people on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> believe that it will use a proprietary bootloader.
	Hopefully, that won&apos;t be the case.
</p>
<p>
	I completed my <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span> readings (listed below) and took the ungraded quiz, but I put off my journal assignment until tomorrow.
	I needed a break and still have plenty of time.
	I might even finish the week&apos;s work tomorrow, which would give me a full day off the next day.
</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="http://academictips.org./acad/timemanagement.html">Time Management Tips and Skills | AcademicTips.org</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.helpguide.org/articles/stress/stress-management.htm">Attention Required! | CloudFlare</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.ion.uillinois.edu/resources/tutorials/pedagogy/studentprofile.asp">ION Tutorials | What Makes a Successful Online Student?</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.takeonestep.org/Pages/yourlife/timestealers.aspx">Home</a></li>
</ul>
<p>
	Professor Shyguy is now taking preorders for their upcoming album, <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/one-byte-lie-the-aeronauts">One Byte Lie (The Aeronauts)</a>.
	Half of this album is a cover of half of <a href="https://theaeronauts.bandcamp.com./album/the-white-lie-album">The White Lie Album</a>, while the other half is covers of select songs from <a href="https://theaeronauts.bandcamp.com./album/burlesque-balloons-2">Burlesque &amp; Balloons</a>.
	Both of these albums are proprietary, but Professor Shyguy is releasing the new versions under a free license.
	These six songs are being freed! The new album is set to be released on 2016-10-18, though I&apos;m not sure that it will actually be completed at that time.
	Last time, Shyguy didn&apos;t release as early as planned and needed more time to perfect their work before it was ready to be called finished.
	I was eager to support Professor Shyguy, and also eager to try out Bandcamp&apos;s new PayPal-free order system, so I placed my order right away.
	Bandcamp tried to charge me a 20% tax on the album, but this time, things were different.
	Bandcamp now allows customers to correct their automatically-detected location right from the shopping cart and without making changes to their public profiles! That&apos;s a huge improvement.
	Also of note, the new billing option without PayPal doesn&apos;t demand a telephone number like PayPal does.
	With PayPal, I always end up entering an invalid telephone number because there&apos;s no valid telephone number to give them.
	Lately, I&apos;ve taken to giving them the number <a href="tel:+15555550101">+15555550101</a>, though previously, I was giving them a different invalid number.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa has tried to convince themself that the cat is really dead, but has now given in to denial.
	It&apos;s frustrating that I have no way to help Vanessa through this.
	According to Vanessa, our father cried about the cat&apos;s death, though were those actual tears of sadness or were they just part of a ruse? I have no way to know for sure.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F10-October%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F10-October%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

