<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/10-October/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>I hate taking graded notes. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/10-October/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I hate taking graded notes.</h1>
			<p>Day 00581: Saturday, 2016 October 08</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>4 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>9 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I was wrong yesterday about the closure being used only in one place.
	I botched the code a bit, and it should be called in seven different places, so I&apos;m back to using a messy and ungeneralized closure.
	I&apos;ve completed the automation of the navigation menu setup, and got about halfway through removing all the per-page navigation menu code when I realized that there was an easier way, and I simply opened the rest of the files and ran a search and replace on all of the files at once.
	The navigation menus are now added to pages based on their respective <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	I&apos;ve also replaced all unencoded apostrophes with encoded ones.
	These apostrophes were always supposed to have been encoded, but I seem to have forgotten to encode them on several pages when I first built them.
	I started cleaning up my misuse of <code>&lt;q/&gt;</code> tags, but it&apos;s a huge job and it&apos;s still unfinished.
	It&apos;s a bit daunting, to be honest, and I&apos;m going to set that aside for now.
	Another issue that I might want to get solved by the end of the year is that of the copyright year in the <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> template.
	Every year, the template must be updated to include the new year in the copyright notice.
	However, this results in a rebuilding of literally every compiled page on the website.
	As my journal gets longer, this isn&apos;t really a good option, as it means that the entire website has to be reuploaded.
</p>
<p>
	Park Ave <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s got back to me today.
	I was planning on writing to them again if they hadn&apos;t written back, but being busy, I forgot to.
	It&apos;s a good thing that I didn&apos;t, too.
	It seems that there were dealing with a hurricane! The representative that I talked to said that Hurricane Matthew took it easy on them though, so it sounds like everyone&apos;s alright.
	Their sales manager has agreed to allow me to pay online, but they didn&apos;t send me a purchase page.
	Instead, they want me to send funds via PayPal using their email address as an account identifier.
	However, as far as I can tell, PayPal won&apos;t allow me to do that without having a PayPal account myself.
	Marc With a C&apos;s one-day-only album hit the shelves today though, so there wasn&apos;t time to wait for the response from Park Ave <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s that never came about the PayPal issue.
	I talked to Marc, who sent me a PayPal purchase link that should have worked, but again, PayPal demanded that I log in, so that didn&apos;t work.
	Marc eventually offered to allow me to purchase any name-your-price Bandcamp album from them for fifteen dollars and they&apos;d send me the cassette tape, so I bought <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/bubblegum-romance">Bubblegum Romance</a>.
	At some point, the cassette should arrive in the mail complete with a download code.
	I&apos;m in no rush though, I have plenty to keep me busy in the mean time.
	I wouldn&apos;t have even been rushed to place this order if not for the whole one-day-only thing.
</p>
<p>
	After putting off my final assignment of the week for several hours, I finally got to work.
	The assignment is to read an article about the <a href="http://world-nuclear.org/information-library/current-and-future-generation/outline-history-of-nuclear-energy.aspx">history of nuclear energy</a>, take notes on it, and explain why we chose the note-taking style that we did.
	I had forgotten how much I hate note-taking assignments.
	Instead of taking the notes that will actually help you, you have to take the notes that you think will be graded well.
	For me, that means trying to pack every semi-important detail into the notes, which is a major pain.
	For starters, you have to avoid directly copying sentences, so you have to paraphrase everything.
	Second, the actual information that I&apos;d want to have on hand gets buried among all the useless notes that I have to add to make it look like I&apos;ve put as much effort in as possible.
	Honestly, having graded notes is less useful to me than having no notes at all.
	I spent much of the day just trying to force myself to even read the article and take the notes, so I didn&apos;t get any other schoolwork done, but I did complete the notes.
	I have a tiny section of writing to do on that assignment, but that&apos;ll be no problem, then I should work on touching up my essays from yesterday.
</p>
<p>
	I had a bit of a scare, and I thought that I&apos;d mistakingly dropped this file into the wrong directory, causing it to get <code>unlink()</code>ed in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> by my website&apos;s build script.
	It&apos;s been a long day and I&apos;m tired.
	In any case, I found the file, but had already attempted to recreate this entry as best I could from memory.
	If you&apos;re curious to see how well I did, here&apos;s what I wrote the second time:
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
	Due to a mistake on my part, I just deleted today&apos;s entire weblog entry.
	I&apos;ve tried to recreate it, but I&apos;ve have omitted many details and events this time because I simply don&apos;t remember it all.
</p>
<p>
	I cleaned up a lot of my website&apos;s code, though I dont&apos; remember now all what&apos;s been fixed.
	I removed all of the navigation menu code from the individual page source files and now all of that is determined by the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of a given page.
	I did something else with <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-based code, but I forget what it was.
	I&apos;ve also cleaned up the output <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> quite a bit.
	I&apos;ve found that my code from yesterday was malformed.
	I thought that the closure that I wrote was only to be used in one place, but it was actually needed in several other places.
	Just how many places was it needed? Well, I counted as I wrote the code, but that number was lost when I lost today&apos;s weblog entry.
	I started cleaning up my old misuses of the <code>&lt;q/&gt;</code> tag, but it&apos;s a pretty daunting task and will need to be finished later.
</p>
<p>
	Park Ave <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s got back to me with instructions on how to send them the money for Marc With a C&apos;s one-day-only cassette tape.
	I had been planning on writing back to them when they didn&apos;t get back to me before, but I got busy and forgot.
	It&apos;s a good thing that they wrote today though, as today was the one day that they were selling the cassette! However, their instructions seem to require a PayPal account, despite their assurances that I could by the cassette without a PayPal account.
	I wrote back for help, but they never got back to me.
	Instead, I contacted Marc, who sent me a link to send payment to Marc through PayPal, but again, PayPal demanded that I log in, so that wasn&apos;t going to work.
	I&apos;m not going to make the mistake of associating a credit card with a PayPal account again.
	I wrote to PayPal, but they never got back to me, and Marc told me to by a name-your-price album on Bandcamp for fifteen dollars and they&apos;d send me the cassette.
	I bought <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/bubblegum-romance">Bubblegum Romance</a>, and Marc says that they&apos;ll send the cassette.
	That&apos;ll be arriving in the mail at some point, but I&apos;m in no rush.
	I have plenty of schoolwork to keep me busy in the mean time.
	I wouldn&apos;t have even been in such a hurry to purchase it if not for the whole one-day-only part.
</p>
<p>
	I spent much of the day trying to force myself to read through an article on the <a href="http://world-nuclear.org/information-library/current-and-future-generation/outline-history-of-nuclear-energy.aspx">history of nuclear energy</a>.
	The main component of the assignment that I was working on required that I read this article and take nots on it.
	These notes will be graded.
	The problem with graded notes is that in order to look like you&apos;re actually putting effort into the notes, you have to take notes on <strong>*everything*</strong>, even if it&apos;s stuff that you already know, can easily remember, or would be reminded of by other notes.
	Furthermore, with all of these extra notes, the notes that you&apos;d actually have a use for are buried amongst all of the unnecessary notes, so you can&apos;t find what you&apos;re looking for as easily within your own notes! In this case, I&apos;m not actually expected to learn about nuclear energy, so I don&apos;t need usable notes, but taking the notes was still a painful experience.
	I did finish the notes though, and because I wrote up most of the non-notes part of the assignment yesterday, I only have a small piece of the assignment left to complete tomorrow.
	It won&apos;t be too difficult.
	I didn&apos;t get my essays from yesterday reread and tweaked today as I wanted to, but I can probably take care of that tomorrow as well.
	Still, if I could go over them daily until they&apos;re due, they&apos;ll come out better.
</p>
</blockquote>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F10-October%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F10-October%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

