<!--
	Assignment #2 for CS4406 Computer Graphics
	Copyright © 2019 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="https://getfirebug.com/firebug-lite-debug.js"/>
		<meta name="description" content="CS4406 Computer Graphics - Assignment #2"/>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<title>Assignment #2 for CS4406 Computer Graphics</title>
		<style>
			#container {
				background: #000000;
				width: 100%;
				height: 100%;
			}
		</style>
		<style id="jsbin-css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="container"/>
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.2.1/jquery.min.js"/> 
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/85/three.min.js"/>
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/dat-gui/0.6.5/dat.gui.min.js"/>
		<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/mrdoob/three.js/master/examples/js/controls/OrbitControls.js"/>
		<script src="http://uopeopleweb.com/js/math.js"/>
		<script type="text/javascript">
// set the scene size
var WIDTH = 600, HEIGHT = 600;

// set some camera attributes
var VIEW_ANGLE = 45, ASPECT = WIDTH / HEIGHT, NEAR = 1, FAR = 1000;

// get the DOM element to attach to
var $container = $(&apos;#container&apos;);

// create a WebGL renderer, camera, and a scene
// NOTE: for the assignment in Unit 4 where you need to use a texture, or in any other assignment where a texture is required 
// you should deactivate the Detector and use ONLY the CanvasRenderer.  There are some issues in using what are called Cross Domain images for 
// for textures.   You can get more details by looking up WebGL and CORS using Google search.  I have included some code below that will 
// get around this issue that you can use. 
var renderer = new THREE.WebGLRenderer();

var scene = new THREE.Scene();
var clock = new THREE.Clock();
var camera = new THREE.PerspectiveCamera(VIEW_ANGLE,ASPECT,NEAR,FAR);

// the camera starts at 0,0,0 so pull it back for some assignments you may need to adjust this value
// some distance to make the scene visible properly
camera.position.z = 30;    	

// add the camera to the scene
scene.add(camera)

// set up the camera controls.  Please keep in mind that what this does is move the entire scene around.
// because the entire scene is moving the position of the camera and lights in relation to objects within 
// the scene doesn&apos;t change so the lighting on the surface of the object(s) will not change either
var cameraControls = new THREE.OrbitControls(camera, renderer.domElement);
cameraControls.addEventListener(&apos;mousemove&apos;, renderer);

// start the renderer
renderer.setSize(WIDTH, HEIGHT);

// attach the render-supplied DOM element
$container.append(renderer.domElement);

// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
//  Example of Code that you can adapt to get around the issue of Cross-Domain issues and 
//  CORS restrictions using textures.  We have this problem when using jsbin.com as a
//  development environment becuase we cannot load texture images to the local server.
//  Rather we need to pull them from location using a web URL.  You can use the images 
//  that we have put on the uopeopleweb.com site along with the following code (modified 
//  of course for your particular program)
//
//  Notice that what this code does is create a new Texture object called Texture1 and loads
//	the texture image into the object.  
//  
//	var Texture1 = new THREE.Texture();
//	var loader = new THREE.ImageLoader();
//
//	loader.addEventListener( &apos;load&apos;, function ( event ) {
//			Texture1.image = event.content;
//			Texture1.needsUpdate = true;
//	} );
//
//	loader.load( &apos;http://uopeopleweb.com/js/paper.jpg&apos; );
	
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
//  END OF THE STANDARD CODE FOR THE ASSIGNMENT
//  Following this is where you must place your own custom code to complete the assignment
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

// According to the three.js documentation, a MeshLambertMaterial is a
// material that doesn&apos;t shine. You don&apos;t get highlights based on where
// the light is compared to the material. In other words, the material
// is more matte. That&apos;ll work just fine for our square.
var material = new THREE.MeshLambertMaterial({
// The instructions say to make our square red or blue. 0xff0000 would
// be the reddest of reds, while 0x0000ff is the bluest of blues.
	color:0x0000ff,
// Do we want a wireframe, or do we want the faces of our shape to be
// filled in? Filled in seems best for this simple assignment, so we
// set wireframe to false.
	wireframe: false,
// We&apos;re going to make our square spin in a bit, so we&apos;re going to want
// to make both sides visible. Do that by setting the side to be drawn
// to THREE.DoubleSide.
	side: THREE.DoubleSide,
});

// We need a geometry object to work with. Let&apos;s instantiate that now.
var myGeometry = new THREE.Geometry();

// A square has four corners, so we&apos;ll need four vertices.
myGeometry.vertices.push(new THREE.Vector3(5, 5, 0)); 
myGeometry.vertices.push(new THREE.Vector3(5, -5, 0)); 
myGeometry.vertices.push(new THREE.Vector3(-5, -5, 0)); 
myGeometry.vertices.push(new THREE.Vector3(-5, 5, 0)); 

// Here, we use indices into the vertex list we just pushed vertices
// onto to define the bounding points of our triangles. Wait,
// triangles? I thought we were building a square! Well in actuality,
// WebGL is unable to draw real squares. Instead, we have to define
// triangles that share vertices in order to create the illusion of a
// square out of two triangles.
//
// Note that the order we specify the vertices in matters. It
// determines which side of the triangle is the front, so we want to
// either specify the vertices in clockwise order to make both
// triangles face backwards or specify the vertices in
// counter-clockwise order to make both triangles face forward. I chose
// clockwise, so the triangles face away from the camera at first. As
// we spin though, we&apos;ll see both sides.
myGeometry.faces.push(new THREE.Face3(0, 1, 3));
myGeometry.faces.push(new THREE.Face3(1, 2, 3));

// Now, we build a mesh out of the two triangles and the material.
var myPolygon  = new THREE.Mesh(myGeometry, material);

// And we add the polygon to the scene.
scene.add(myPolygon);   

// In the example code for this week, the ambient light had no blue
// component to it, so blue objects such as this square wouldn&apos;t even
// render. We can set the ambient light colour to whatever we like
// before adding it to the scene though. I chose brilliant, white
// light. Everything shows up in white light.
var ambientLight = new THREE.AmbientLight(0xffffff);

// While we&apos;re discussing light, I should bring up that ambient light
// is directionless. It doesn&apos;t cause shading based on direction,
// because it isn&apos;t coming from a direction. That should be fine for
// our spinning square as well.
scene.add(ambientLight);


// In the boilerplate code provided for this assignment that we&apos;re not
// supposed to edit, a cameraControls object is set up for us. By
// setting that object&apos;s autoRotate property to true, we can make the
// whole scene spin. Because the entire scene is just this one square,
// the square spins.
cameraControls.autoRotate = true;

// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// END OF YOUR CUSTOM CODE FOR THE ASSIGNMENT
// The rendering functions that follow are standard and can be used for this assignment.  
// You are welcome to customize them or create your own if you desire, however, you can 
// simply use the code provided.
//

// Standard functions for rendering the scene.  Notice how we have the animate function 
// which submits a call to requestAnimationFrame to call animate.   This creates a loop
// that will render the scene again whenever something within the scene changes.
function animate() {
	requestAnimationFrame(animate);
	render();
}

function render() {
	cameraControls.update();
	renderer.render(scene, camera);
}
animate();
		</script>
	</body>
</html>
