<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="https://getfirebug.com/firebug-lite-debug.js"/>
		<meta name="description" content="CS4406 Computer Graphics - Assignment #4"/>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<title>Assignment #4 for CS4406 Computer Graphics</title>
		<style>
			#container {
				background: #000000;
				width: 100%;
				height: 100%;
			}
		</style>
		<style id="jsbin-css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="container"/>
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.2.1/jquery.min.js"/> 
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/85/three.min.js"/>
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/dat-gui/0.6.5/dat.gui.min.js"/>
		<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/mrdoob/three.js/master/examples/js/controls/OrbitControls.js"/>
		<script src="http://uopeopleweb.com/js/math.js"/>
		<script type="text/javascript">
// set the scene size
var WIDTH = 600, HEIGHT = 600;

// set some camera attributes
var VIEW_ANGLE = 45, ASPECT = WIDTH / HEIGHT, NEAR = 1, FAR = 1000;

// get the DOM element to attach to
var $container = $(&apos;#container&apos;);

// create a WebGL renderer, camera, and a scene
// NOTE: for the assignment in Unit 4 where you need to use a texture, or in any other assignment where a texture is required 
// you should deactivate the Detector and use ONLY the CanvasRenderer.  There are some issues in using what are called Cross Domain images for 
// for textures.   You can get more details by looking up WebGL and CORS using Google search.  I have included some code below that will 
// get around this issue that you can use. 
var renderer = new THREE.WebGLRenderer();

var scene = new THREE.Scene();
var clock = new THREE.Clock();
var camera = new THREE.PerspectiveCamera(VIEW_ANGLE,ASPECT,NEAR,FAR);

// the camera starts at 0,0,0 so pull it back for some assignments you may need to adjust this value
// some distance to make the scene visible properly
camera.position.z = 30;    	

// add the camera to the scene
scene.add(camera)

// set up the camera controls.  Please keep in mind that what this does is move the entire scene around.
// because the entire scene is moving the position of the camera and lights in relation to objects within 
// the scene doesn&apos;t change so the lighting on the surface of the object(s) will not change either
var cameraControls = new THREE.OrbitControls(camera, renderer.domElement);
cameraControls.addEventListener( &apos;mousemove&apos;, renderer );

// start the renderer
renderer.setSize(WIDTH, HEIGHT);

// attach the render-supplied DOM element
$container.append(renderer.domElement);

// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
//  Example of Code that you can adapt to get around the issue of Cross-Domain issues and 
//  CORS restrictions using textures.  We have this problem when using jsbin.com as a
//  development environment becuase we cannot load texture images to the local server.
//  Rather we need to pull them from location using a web URL.  You can use the images 
//  that we have put on the uopeopleweb.com site along with the following code (modified 
//  of course for your particular program)
//
//  Notice that what this code does is create a new Texture object called Texture1 and loads
//	the texture image into the object.  
//  
//	var Texture1 = new THREE.Texture();
//	var loader = new THREE.ImageLoader();
//
//	loader.addEventListener( &apos;load&apos;, function ( event ) {
//			Texture1.image = event.content;
//			Texture1.needsUpdate = true;
//	} );
//
//	loader.load( &apos;http://uopeopleweb.com/js/paper.jpg&apos; );
	
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
//  END OF THE STANDARD CODE FOR THE ASSIGNMENT
//  Following this is where you must place your own custom code to complete the assignment
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

// First, we add a PointLight, which is a sort of directional light
// that shines in every direction from a fixed point. Without a
// directional light, we can&apos;t have any highlights.
var PointLight = new THREE.PointLight(0xffffff, 1, 127);

// We&apos;ll put this light in the upper left corner of the viewing space.
PointLight.position.z = 8;
PointLight.position.y = 6;
scene.add(PointLight);

// Using only the PointLight, we can&apos;t see the bottoms of the spheres.
// They&apos;re completely in shadow. I guess that&apos;s fine, but adding an
// ambient light corrects the problem, so let&apos;s do that. If we keep the
// ambient light low enough, we can still see the light and shadow,
// while if we keep it high enough, we can see even the part of the
// sphere that&apos;s in shadow.
var AmbientLight = new THREE.AmbientLight(0x0f0f0f);
scene.add(AmbientLight);

// I couldn&apos;t get cube 3 to work correctly, so I had to swap out the
// cubes for spheres. The main fours spheres - sphere 0 through sphere
// 3 - will all have a radius of 2.5.
var radius = 2.5;

// I tried to set these values really low, so fewer polygons would need
// to render. Setting them *too* low resulted in the spheres not
// looking like spheres much at all. Using sixteen for both values
// seems to be enough to make the sphere look good though.
var segments = 16, rings = 16;

// Sphere 0 will use a texture. We can&apos;t use textures without a
// TextureLoader object, so let&apos;s create one.
var loader = new THREE.TextureLoader();

// The MeshLambertMaterial gave me the best results for this one. I
// wanted to allow the shape of the sphere to show even with the
// texture applied, so it looked like a sphere and not just a flat
// circle, and the MeshLambertMaterial made that happen nicely.
var sphere0 = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.SphereGeometry(radius, segments, rings), new THREE.MeshLambertMaterial({
// JavaScript is obnoxious. It doesn&apos;t allow the loading of images this
// way unless those images are hosted at the same domain as the script
// that tries to load them. However, our JavaScript needs to run on
// JSbin and we can&apos;t upload images there. That means we cannot use
// image files! So we&apos;re at a loss and can&apos;t complete this assignment,
// as it requires us to use an image as a texture, right? Well, not
// quite. &quot;data:&quot;-scheme URIs allow us to embed the image data directly
// into the script itself, so JavaScript doesn&apos;t have to load them from
// an alternate domain.
// 
// This particular &quot;data:&quot;-scheme URI represents a tiny image that will
// add stripes to the sphere.
	map: loader.load(&quot;data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAAEAAAAICAIAAAC3eAIWAAAAHElEQVQI1y3HsQ0AAAjAIOL/P9dBJwIgMiTvfQFmAgf/VWK/XgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==&quot;),
}));

// Once the sphere is defined, we&apos;ll give it coordinates, then add it
// to the scene. Let&apos;s put it in the upper left corner.
sphere0.position.x = -4;
sphere0.position.y = 4;
scene.add(sphere0);

// Sphere 1 will demonstrate transparency. I used a MeshLambertMaterial
// again, as it works pretty well for making objects appear
// three-dimensional and also supports transparency.
var sphere1 = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.SphereGeometry(radius, segments, rings), new THREE.MeshLambertMaterial({
// We set the colour to green.
	color: 0x00ff00,
// I tried setting the transparency lower, but I just wasn&apos;t happy with
// how faintly is showed up in the rendering. 0.5 gave good results
// though.
	opacity: 0.5,
// If we don&apos;t set transparency to true, it won&apos;t matter what opacity
// we try to use, so let&apos;s set that.
	transparent: true,
}));

// Now that sphere 1 is defined, let&apos;s position it and add it to the
// scene. Here, we put it in the upper right corner.
sphere1.position.x = 4;
sphere1.position.y = 4;
scene.add(sphere1);

// Sphere 1 is supposed to demonstrate transparency. But how in the
// world are we supposed to show that the sphere is transparent and not
// simply a darker shade? The best solution would be to have something
// behind the transparent sphere that could be seen through the sphere.
// For this, we define a helper sphere, which exists only to show off
// sphere 1&apos;s transparency.
// 
// The values we give this sphere really don&apos;t matter as long as the
// sphere is easily distinguished from the transparent sphere. I used
// another MeshLambertMaterial and set it to be blue. It&apos;s smaller than
// the other spheres too, with a radius of 1.5 instead of 2.5.
var helper_sphere = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.SphereGeometry(1.5, segments, rings), new THREE.MeshLambertMaterial({
	color: 0x0000ff,
}));

// We position the helper sphere to be behind the lower right corner of
// sphere 1, so we can see it partly behind and partly sticking off to
// the side of sphere 1, then add it to the scene.
helper_sphere.position.x = 6;
helper_sphere.position.y = 3;
helper_sphere.position.z = -4;
scene.add(helper_sphere);

// The grading instructions say we&apos;ll be graded on whether we applied
// scaling, rotation, and translation. There&apos;s nowhere in the project
// where we were asked to use any of these though, so there&apos;s nowhere
// that they actually fit in. We&apos;re using translation to put the
// spheres into place, but for good measure, I decided to implement
// real-time translation, which looks like movement, as well. The
// helper sphere will use this variable in its later translations.
// It&apos;ll move behind the transparent sphere, further making it obvious
// that the sphere is transparent.
var helper_movement_direction = 0.1

// As for scaling, it really doesn&apos;t belong in this project at all,
// unlike translation. I added it to the helper sphere though to meet
// the requirement. The sphere will scale up and down later using this
// variable.
// 
// Rotation will be dealt with in the main spheres though in a bit.
var helper_size_direction = 0.1

// Sphere 2 needs to be a solid colour. That&apos;s its only stated
// characteristic in the assignment. A simple MeshLambertMaterial pulls
// that off while still showing the shape of the sphere.
var sphere2 = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.SphereGeometry(radius, segments, rings), new THREE.MeshLambertMaterial({
// We&apos;ll set the solid colour to green.
	color: 0x00ff00,
}));

// Once the sphere has been defined, we&apos;ll position it in the lower
// left corner and add it to the scene.
sphere2.position.x = -4;
sphere2.position.y = -4;
scene.add(sphere2);

// The final sphere need to reflect the light source. When I was using
// cubes, this is the one that was giving me trouble. I couldn&apos;t get
// three.js to add a specular shine to a cube. Switching to spheres,
// while disappointing, got the job done. This time, we use a
// MeshPhongMaterial, which (at least when applied to a curvy shape
// such as a sphere) allows for specular highlighting, which is the way
// in which three.js simulates the reflection of a local light source.
var sphere3 = new THREE.Mesh(new THREE.SphereGeometry(radius, segments, rings), new THREE.MeshPhongMaterial({
// By setting the colour to green yet a third time, we can easily
// compare and contrast the non-colour effects of spheres 1, 2, and 3.
// Sphere 0 doesn&apos;t use a colour though.
	color: 0x00ff00,
// We need to define the colour that&apos;ll be used to simulate the
// reflection of the local light source. For the most-significant
// effect, we set this to pure white.
	specular: 0xffffff,
}));

// With the final sphere defined, we translate it to the lower right
// corner and add it to the scene.
sphere3.position.x = 4;
sphere3.position.y = -4;
scene.add(sphere3);

// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// END OF YOUR CUSTOM CODE FOR THE ASSIGNMENT
// The rendering functions that follow are standard and can be used for this assignment.  
// You are welcome to customize them or create your own if you desire, however, you can 
// simply use the code provided.
//

// Standard functions for rendering the scene.  Notice how we have the animate function 
// which submits a call to requestAnimationFrame to call animate.   This creates a loop
// that will render the scene again whenever something within the scene changes.
function animate() {
	requestAnimationFrame(animate);
	render();
}

// I&apos;ve modified the render() function to define the motion of the
// scene. This implements the rotation of the main four spheres and the
// translation and scaling of the helper sphere.
function render() {
// First, let&apos;s rotate the main spheres on their x axes.
	sphere0.rotation.x += 0.1;
	sphere1.rotation.x += 0.1;
	sphere2.rotation.x += 0.1;
	sphere3.rotation.x += 0.1;

// If the helper sphere goes too far, we send it back the other
// direction. That way, it moved back and forth behind the transparent
// sphere.
	if((helper_sphere.position.y &lt; 3 &amp;&amp; helper_movement_direction &lt; 0)
	|| (helper_sphere.position.y &gt; 6 &amp;&amp; helper_movement_direction &gt; 0)) {
// Sending it the other way is done by changing the sign on the
// variable that gets added to y and subtracted from x.
		helper_movement_direction = -helper_movement_direction;
	}

// We now add the value to y and subtract it from x to move it
// diagonally.
	helper_sphere.position.y += helper_movement_direction;
	helper_sphere.position.x -= helper_movement_direction;

// If the helper sphere gets too large or too small, we tell it to
// start growing/shrinking in the other direction.
	if((helper_sphere.scale.y &lt; 0.5 &amp;&amp; helper_size_direction &lt; 0)
	|| (helper_sphere.scale.y &gt; 1.5 &amp;&amp; helper_size_direction &gt; 0)) {
		helper_size_direction = -helper_size_direction;
	}

// Once we know which direction to go, we grow or shrink the sphere by
// adding the value of the variable to the scale of x, y, and z.
	helper_sphere.scale.x += helper_size_direction;
	helper_sphere.scale.y += helper_size_direction;
	helper_sphere.scale.z += helper_size_direction;

// Now, we render the updated scene.
	renderer.render(scene, camera);
}

	animate();
		</script>
	</body>
</html>
