<!--
	Assignment #3 for CS4406 Computer Graphics
	Copyright © 2019 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="https://getfirebug.com/firebug-lite-debug.js"/>
		<meta name="description" content="CS4406 Computer Graphics - Assignment #3"/>
		<meta charset="utf-8"/>
		<title>Assignment #3 for CS4406 Computer Graphics</title>
		<style>
			#container {
				background: #000000;
				width: 100%;
				height: 100%;
			}
		</style>
		<style id="jsbin-css"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<div id="container"/>
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/jquery/3.2.1/jquery.min.js"/> 
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/three.js/85/three.min.js"/>
		<script src="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/dat-gui/0.6.5/dat.gui.min.js"/>
		<script src="https://cdn.rawgit.com/mrdoob/three.js/master/examples/js/controls/OrbitControls.js"/>
		<script src="http://uopeopleweb.com/js/math.js"/>
		<script type="text/javascript">
// set the scene size
var WIDTH = 600, HEIGHT = 600;

// set some camera attributes
var VIEW_ANGLE = 45, ASPECT = WIDTH / HEIGHT, NEAR = 1, FAR = 1000;

// get the DOM element to attach to
var $container = $(&apos;#container&apos;);

// create a WebGL renderer, camera, and a scene
// NOTE: for the assignment in Unit 4 where you need to use a texture, or in any other assignment where a texture is required 
// you should deactivate the Detector and use ONLY the CanvasRenderer.  There are some issues in using what are called Cross Domain images for 
// for textures.   You can get more details by looking up WebGL and CORS using Google search.  I have included some code below that will 
// get around this issue that you can use. 
var renderer = new THREE.WebGLRenderer();

var scene = new THREE.Scene();
var clock = new THREE.Clock();
var camera = new THREE.PerspectiveCamera(VIEW_ANGLE,ASPECT,NEAR,FAR);

// the camera starts at 0,0,0 so pull it back for some assignments you may need to adjust this value
// some distance to make the scene visible properly
camera.position.z = 30;    	

// add the camera to the scene
scene.add(camera)

// set up the camera controls.  Please keep in mind that what this does is move the entire scene around.
// because the entire scene is moving the position of the camera and lights in relation to objects within 
// the scene doesn&apos;t change so the lighting on the surface of the object(s) will not change either
var cameraControls = new THREE.OrbitControls(camera, renderer.domElement);
cameraControls.addEventListener(&apos;mousemove&apos;, renderer);

// start the renderer
renderer.setSize(WIDTH, HEIGHT);

// attach the render-supplied DOM element
$container.append(renderer.domElement);

// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
//  Example of Code that you can adapt to get around the issue of Cross-Domain issues and 
//  CORS restrictions using textures.  We have this problem when using jsbin.com as a
//  development environment becuase we cannot load texture images to the local server.
//  Rather we need to pull them from location using a web URL.  You can use the images 
//  that we have put on the uopeopleweb.com site along with the following code (modified 
//  of course for your particular program)
//
//  Notice that what this code does is create a new Texture object called Texture1 and loads
//	the texture image into the object.  
//  
//	var Texture1 = new THREE.Texture();
//	var loader = new THREE.ImageLoader();
//
//	loader.addEventListener( &apos;load&apos;, function ( event ) {
//			Texture1.image = event.content;
//			Texture1.needsUpdate = true;
//	} );
//
//	loader.load( &apos;http://uopeopleweb.com/js/paper.jpg&apos; );
	
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
//  END OF THE STANDARD CODE FOR THE ASSIGNMENT
//  Following this is where you must place your own custom code to complete the assignment
// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

// First, we add a PointLight, which is a sort of directional light
// that shines in every direction from a fixed point. Without a
// directional light, we can&apos;t have any shadows.
var PointLight = new THREE.PointLight(0xffffff, 1, 127);

// We&apos;ll put this light in the upper left corner of the viewing space.
PointLight.position.set(-16, 16, 0);
scene.add(PointLight);

// Using only the PointLight, we can&apos;t see the bottom of the sphere.
// It&apos;s completely in shadow. I guess that&apos;s fine, but we can&apos;t exactly
// *see* the shadow, as we can&apos;t even see the bottom of the sphere.
// Adding an ambient light corrects the problem. If we keep the ambient
// light low enough, we can still see the light and shadow, while if we
// keep it high enough, we can see even the part of the sphere that&apos;s
// in shadow.
var AmbientLight = new THREE.AmbientLight(0x0f0f0f);
scene.add(AmbientLight);

// I experimented with several different materials. The
// MeshLambertMaterial was the one that seemed to work best for this
// assignment. It responds to light and shadow, unlike the
// MeshBasicMaterial, but also responds to colour, unlike the
// MeshNormalMaterial.
var sphereMaterial = new THREE.MeshLambertMaterial({color: 0xffffff});

// We want a small sphere, so a radius of one will suffice.
var radius = 1;

// I tried to set these values really low, so fewer polygons would need
// to render. Setting them *too* low resulted in the sphere not looking
// like a sphere much at all. Using sixteen for both values seems to be
// enough to make the sphere look good though.
var segments = 16, rings = 16;

// Using the values we&apos;ve set, we create our sphere object. Of course,
// it&apos;s not a real sphere, because everything in WebGL is made of
// triangles, but it&apos;s close enough.
var sphere = new THREE.Mesh(
	new THREE.SphereGeometry(radius, segments, rings),
	sphereMaterial
);

// And now that we have our sphere, we&apos;ll add it to the scene.
scene.add(sphere);

// I implemented the bouncing effect using these variables. Basically,
// they hold a velocity in each of the three dimensions. If the
// velocities are identical, the sphere will bounce in right angles,
// which is pretty boring. Here, I set the velocities each to a random
// value. They&apos;re almost never the identical to one another, so you get
// a good bounce, and every time you load the page, you get a different
// trajectory, which is pretty cool. Another interesting fact is that
// these velocities determine not only the speed at which the sphere
// travels, but also the *angle* at which it travels. We divide the
// random number by eight though, because if we don&apos;t, the sphere often
// travels way too quickly and leaves ugly after images.
// 
// Using variables allowed me to make the initial movement random,
// which was nice, but is wasn&apos;t actually the initial reason for the
// variables. You may notice that these variables all end in &quot;Dir&quot;,
// which in this case, references direction. These variables were
// established to control the direction in which the sphere moves, so
// after hitting a wall, the variable could be changed and the
// direction would change with it. I ended up implementing that as an
// increment to add to the sphere&apos;s current position on each step. If
// the increment is negative, the sphere moves in the opposite
// direction. Later on in the code, we&apos;ll set the increment to its own
// inverse to change the direction of the sphere&apos;s movement.
var xDir = Math.random() / 8;
var yDir = Math.random() / 8;
var zDir = Math.random() / 8;

// Since the sphere&apos;s initial velocity is random, why not have the
// starting position be random as well? First, we need to find the z
// coordinate, as it determines the range in which is valid for the
// other two coordinates. This is because a perspective view, such as
// the one we&apos;re using, isn&apos;t a rectangular prism. The view is wider in
// the back than it is the front.
sphere.position.z = Math.random() * 20 - 10;

// Now that we know the starting z coordinate, we can calculate the
// bounds of what&apos;s valid for the other two coordinates.
// 
// When z is -10, valix x and y coordinates are from -15.5 to +15.5.
// When z is 10, valix x and y coordinates are from -7.2 to +7.2.
var xyBounds = sphere.position.z*-0.415+11.35;

// With the bounds now know, we now pick random x and y coordinates.
sphere.position.x = Math.random() * xyBounds * 2 - xyBounds;
sphere.position.y = Math.random() * xyBounds * 2 - xyBounds;

// ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
// END OF YOUR CUSTOM CODE FOR THE ASSIGNMENT
// The rendering functions that follow are standard and can be used for this assignment.  
// You are welcome to customize them or create your own if you desire, however, you can 
// simply use the code provided.
//

// Standard functions for rendering the scene.  Notice how we have the animate function 
// which submits a call to requestAnimationFrame to call animate.   This creates a loop
// that will render the scene again whenever something within the scene changes.
function animate() {
	requestAnimationFrame(animate);
	render();
}

// I&apos;m not sure how we were supposed to hook into the predefined
// render() function from the boilerplate code. Instead, I ended up
// replacing the render() function entirely.
function render() {
// Previously, I mentioned that the *Dir variables are increments that
// get added to the sphere&apos;s coordinates. Well, this is where that
// happens.
	sphere.position.x += xDir;
	sphere.position.y += yDir;
	sphere.position.z += zDir;

// Z just changed, which means the x and y bounds just changed. Let&apos;s
// calculate the new bounds:
	var xyBounds = sphere.position.z*-0.415+11.35;

// If the x coordinate of the sphere places it outside (or even just
// clipping into) the boundaries, we need to change the direction.
// 
// First, we check to see that the sphere&apos;s x position isn&apos;t too high.
	if(sphere.position.x &gt; xyBounds) {
// The ball bounced off the right wall. Set the colour to cyan.
		sphere.material.color.setHex(0x00ffff);
// Flip the direction of the movement.
		xDir = -xDir;
// There&apos;s an odd behaviour in which sometimes the sphere will move too
// far outside the bounds to get back into range in the next frame.
// This causes bizarre behaviour, as the sphere tries to flip back and
// forth and wiggle out of the wall. There are a couple ways to fix
// that. The first way is to only flip the direction if flipping the
// direction gets it back on track. The other option is to push the
// sphere to the boundaries, so on the next frame, it definitely moves
// away from them. I went with the latter option.
// 
// I think the sphere only clips too far into the wall because the
// boundaries of the box aren&apos;t a rectangular prism. It allows the
// sphere to clip into the boundaries, then have the boundaries shrink,
// so the sphere doesn&apos;t get out in the next frame. Again, the second
// way of dealing with the problem, the one implemented here, works
// best for fixing that as it doesn&apos;t allow the sphere to ever appear
// to be inside the wall, even for an instant.
		sphere.position.x = xyBounds
// The rest of these are pretty much just like the first, but with a
// different colour being set.
// 
// Next, we check to see if the x position is too low.
	} else if(sphere.position.x &lt; -xyBounds) {
// The ball bounced off the left wall. Set the colour to red.
		sphere.material.color.setHex(0xff0000);
// Flip the direction of the movement.
		xDir = -xDir;
// Don&apos;t allow the sphere to clip into the wall.
		sphere.position.x = -xyBounds;
	}
// Next, we check to see if the y position is too high.
	if(sphere.position.y &gt; xyBounds) {
// The ball bounced off the top wall. Set the colour to magenta.
		sphere.material.color.setHex(0xff00ff);
// Flip the direction of the movement.
		yDir = -yDir;
// Don&apos;t allow the sphere to clip into the wall.
		sphere.position.y = xyBounds
// Next, we check to see if the y position is too low.
	} else if(sphere.position.y &lt; -xyBounds) {
// The ball bounced off the bottom wall. Set the colour to green.
		sphere.material.color.setHex(0x00ff00);
// Flip the direction of the movement.
		yDir = -yDir;
// Don&apos;t allow the sphere to clip into the wall.
		sphere.position.y = -xyBounds;
	}
// Next, we check to see if the z position is too high.
	if(sphere.position.z &gt; 10) {
// The ball bounced off the front wall. Set the colour to yellow.
		sphere.material.color.setHex(0xffff00);
// Flip the direction of the movement.
		zDir = -zDir;
// Don&apos;t allow the sphere to clip into the wall.
		sphere.position.z = 10;
// Next, we check to see if the z position is too low.
	} else if(sphere.position.z &lt; -10) {
// The ball bounced off the back wall. Set the colour to blue.
		sphere.material.color.setHex(0x0000ff);
// Flip the direction of the movement.
		zDir = -zDir;
// Don&apos;t allow the sphere to clip into the wall.
		sphere.position.z = -10;
	}
// Now, we re-render the scene.
	renderer.render(scene, camera);
}

animate();
		</script>
	</body>
</html>
