<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017-2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/law/"/>
		<title>Legal documents &lt;https://y.st./en/law/&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/index.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Legal documents</h1>
			<p>For use in a court of law</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Sometimes the courts don&apos;t provide or standardise their legal forms.
	Instead, you have to get a lawyer to draft your forms for you, purchase your forms from a third party, or attempt to draft your forms yourself and hope they&apos;re legally admissible.
	It&apos;s a very broken system.
	I&apos;ve had to go to court bringing my own self-produced forms, and figuring out what exactly needed to be on the forms was a pain.
	To save you some trouble, if you need to go to court for the same reasons, I&apos;ve provided here the forms I used.
	However, <strong><em>I am not a lawyer and I do not take responsibility for your use of these forms.
	By using these forms, you agree to do so at your own risk.</em></strong>
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve provided these forms in <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> form for easy printing.
	However, these forms are offered to you under the terms of the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr> with court-filing exception.
	The preferred form for editing them is probably the <abbr title="OpenDocument Text">ODT</abbr> files, so I&apos;ve provided those as well.
	The court-filing exception is as follows:
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		You may remove all attributions and license text when filing these documents with a court of law.
		You are not required by the copyright holder to retain any text or identifiers not specifically required by the court you file with.
		However, for any use other than filing with a court of law (for example, for redistributing these forms or their derivatives online), all attribution and licence text must remain intact.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<section id="name_change">
	<h2>Name change in Oregon</h2>
	<p>
		I have had my name legally changed in Oregon due to my birth name not fitting my actual gender.
		TO change your legal name in Oregon, you&apos;re going to want to fallow <a href="http://www.courts.oregon.gov/Lane/docs/PROCEDURE%20FOR%20ADULT%20NAME%20CHANGEver03.pdf">these directions</a>, provided by Lane County.
		If you&apos;re not in Lane County, the directions for the procedure may be a bit different, so you should look up those directions instead.
		The filing fee must be paid at the beginning of the month-long process; the exact fee amount can be found on the <a href="http://www.courts.oregon.gov/Documents/CircuitCourtFeeSchedule.pdf">fee schedule</a>.
		The <a href="http://www.courts.oregon.gov/Lane/docs/NameChangeAffidavitVer021215.pdf">name change affidavit</a> mentioned in the instructions can be found on the court&apos;s website, but the other mentioned required forms must be found elsewhere, for example, provided by me:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/law/change_of_name.pdf">Change of Name Forms (<abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> format)</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/law/change_of_name.odt">Change of Name Forms (ODT format)</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		Choose the <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> file if you want easy printing or the ODT file if you want easy editing.
		Additionally, one thing that the instructions <strong>*don&apos;t*</strong> tell you is that you&apos;re going to want a copy of the <a href="http://www.courts.oregon.gov/OJD/docs/programs/utcr/Form_2.010.7.pdf">court-provided Certificate of Document Preparation</a> for <strong>*each*</strong> of the seven self-provided forms.
		You&apos;ll need to visit the courthouse a total of three times, and the process will take at least thirty days.
		(Each visit must be at least fifteen days after the last.)
		For the first two visits, you&apos;re going to want to arrive before the courthouse opens.
		The lines will be long and you&apos;ll make it through the lines barely in time to make it to the courtroom.
		Once at the courtroom, you basically just stand in another line and present your forms to the judge.
		I got myself worked up for something big, but honestly, it&apos;s pretty uneventful.
		The third visit is much less time-sensitive.
		You won&apos;t need to meet with a judge, so you can really be there any time the courthouse is open.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017-2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Flaw%2F"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Flaw%2F"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

