<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/domains/charlie.local.xhtml"/>
		<title>//charlie.local. &lt;https://y.st./en/domains/charlie.local.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/domains/charlie.local.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><code>//charlie.local.</code></h1>
			<p>My Minetest-playing laptop</p>
		</header>
<ul>
	<li>
		Record created on <a href="/en/weblog/2020/06-June/03.xhtml">Day 01915: <time>Wednesday, 2020 June 03</time></a>
	</li>
</ul>
<p>
	<code>charlie</code> was a gift from a fellow <abbr title="Eugene Unix &amp; GNU/Linux User Group">EUGLUG</abbr> member who saw that <a href="/en/domains/bailey.local.xhtml"><code>bailey</code></a>&apos;s mouse buttons were broken.
	The intent was to use <code>charlie</code> for scrap to replace the buttons, but aside from the missing power cord, a battery that didn&apos;t hold a charge, a Wi-Fi card that doesn&apos;t work with free operating systems, and a lack of an operating system, Charlie was a pretty functional machine.
	Due to the depression I was dealing with at the time - caused mostly by my noxious school - it took me several months to bother setting this machine up, but eventually, the need did arise.
	Now that the Wi-Fi card has been replaced and Debian has been installed, <code>charlie</code> works just fine for home use as a second machine.
</p>
<p>
	<code>charlie</code> is pretty much identical to <code>bailey</code> in all meaningful ways, aside from the fact that I haven&apos;t accidentally broken <code>charlie</code>&apos;s mouse buttons the way I did <code>bailey</code>&apos;s.
	It does have a slightly higher monitor resolution, too.
	<code>charlie</code> sort of serves a duel purpose for now.
	It acts as my Minetest machine, so I can play Minetest while running other software on <code>bailey</code>.
	Because these machines are old and slow, they&apos;re not really up to the task of running Minetest <strong>*in addition to*</strong> other software at the same time.
	It also acts as my backup machine, in case <code>bailey</code> unexpectedly dies.
	With all the computer stuff I do, I don&apos;t like not having a second machine in case the first dies on me, especially considering how quickly my laptops tend to die on me.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fdomains%2Fcharlie.local.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fdomains%2Fcharlie.local.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

