<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015-2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/domains/nfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion.xhtml"/>
		<title>//nfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion. &lt;https://y.st./en/domains/nfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/domains/nfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><code>//nfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion.</code></h1>
			<p>Ricochet&apos; onion address</p>
		</header>
<ul>
	<li>
		Record created on <a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/12.xhtml">Day 00250: Thursday, 2015 November 12</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		Record removed on <a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/12.xhtml">Day 00250: Thursday, 2015 November 12</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		Record recreated on <a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/04.xhtml">Day 00363: Friday, 2016 March 04</a>
	</li>
	<li>
		Record removed on <a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/04.xhtml">Day 00363: Friday, 2016 March 04</a>
	</li>
</ul>
<p>
	Ricochet refused to operate without an Internet connection, so I tried to disable its ability to reach <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, then turned my Wi-Fi card back on.
	Long story short, Ricochet did not operate the way I thought that it did, so this onion address slipped through and was registered to the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network.
	I can now set Ricochet to use an alternative onion key of my choosing, allowing the preservation of one&apos;s chat handle past a system re-installation or the use of an onion key of one&apos;s choosing, but I am no closer to finding a way to have Ricochet share a hidden service (and therefore an share an onion address) with other network services.
	While Ricochet may have a protocol prefix making it linkable to from Web and other documents (or it might not, I am still unclear on this), it seems that it does not like to share and currently requires a dedicated hidden service for itself.
</p>
<p>
	I now know that the standalone version of Ricochet downloaded from the main website generates a hidden service directory at &quot;{Ricochet directory}/config/data-0/&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> I&apos;ve done a bit more testing and research and have come to new conclusions.
	I couldn&apos;t find the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> configuration file before because the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> configuration for the Ricochet onion address is actually hard-coded into the Ricochet executable.
	I&apos;ve found some of the relevant lines in the source code, though I don&apos;t know how to modify the source code to allow Ricochet to use the system <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> daemon, so I cannot get it to use the system onion address.
	Furthermore, it seems that getting Ricochet to share its onion address with other services (allowing Ricochet to keep control of starting and starting the onion) requires source code modifications and I don&apos;t know how to modify it.
	Changing the permissions on the hidden service directory prevents Ricochet from activating the onion address, but also cuts it off from the Ricochet network with seemingly no way to connect it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015-2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fdomains%2Fnfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fdomains%2Fnfcbk2sgyblvdnq3.onion.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

