<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/domains/taylor.local.xhtml"/>
		<title>//taylor.local. &lt;https://y.st./en/domains/taylor.local.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/domains/taylor.local.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><code>//taylor.local.</code></h1>
			<p>A Librem 15</p>
		</header>
<ul>
	<li>
		Record created on <a href="/en/weblog/2018/05-May/14.xhtml">Day 01164: <time>Monday, 2018 May 14</time></a>
	</li>
	<li>
		Record lost on <a href="/en/weblog/2020/05-May/30.xhtml">Day 01911: <time>Saturday, 2020 May 30</time></a>
	</li>
</ul>
<p>
	<code>taylor</code> was my first-ever brand new computer.
	All other computers I&apos;ve had before this one have been second hand.
	However, when the recycling centre branded me as a problem customer because I kept bringing back machines they&apos;d sold me with issues (for example, <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr> that prevented Wi-Fi card replacement, built-in monitors that didn&apos;t function with alternative operating systems, et cetera) and said I couldn&apos;t bring back the next laptop they sold me no matter the problems it had, I had to find a laptop I knew would function with Debian without these basic, unresolvable issues.
	Without another recycling centre in the area, I resolved to buy a laptop with Debian pre-installed, as then I&apos;d know it&apos;d work without hardware issues that&apos;d get incorrectly blamed on my having installed my trusted operating system.
	Instead, after much debating back and forth, I instead bought a <a href="https://puri.sm/shop/librem-15/">Librem 15</a> with PureOS installed.
	PureOS is a fork of Debian, providing me with the familiarity of Debian, while also having all the source code released under reasonable licenses, providing me with the freedom of Debian.
</p>
<p>
	However, while <code>taylor</code> was the most-expensive and newest computer I&apos;d ever owned at that time, it was also very poorly designed and cheaply built.
	As far as poor planning goes, it only had a single mouse button, instead of the usual two or three, and the other two had to be emulated by the desktop environment.
	This meant that multiple mouse buttons couldn&apos;t be pressed at once, which made gaming a bit of a pain, and more importantly, it meant that desktop environments that assume your hardware is sensible enough to have hardware mouse buttons can&apos;t be used properly.
	I wasn&apos;t able to use my usual <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> on this machine, for example, which drove me up the wall.
	As for cheap construction, a very poor keyboard was built into the laptop that could only register two key presses at once.
	I&apos;m not sure what the usual limit is, but playing Minetest sometimes takes more than two simultaneous key presses at times.
	Additionally, I found the machine introducing more typos into my written work than usual.
	Due to my typing being faster than the keyboard could handle, missing letters abounded, and I constantly had to go back and fix what I&apos;d written.
	I&apos;m also the type to accidentally hit caps lock on occasion, and there&apos;s absolutely no indicator on the machine to show when caps lock is enabled.
	This is in stark contrast to every other laptop - and every other keyboard - I&apos;ve ever encountered.
	This was a particular pain when I was dealing with password prompts that don&apos;t show what you type.
	I&apos;d try typing my password several times, each time being told I&apos;d messed up, so I thought I just fat-fingered it or something and tried again.
	It got to the point that any time I knew I was about to initiate a password prompt, I&apos;d type a few characters first then delete them, just to check to see if caps lock was enabled.
	I&apos;d owned this computer about two years, with only one year of actually using it, and the computer kicked the bucket.
	For a brand new computer, it really shows what great quality it was, right?
	Overall, I would definitely not recommend a Librem to anyone for any reason.
</p>
<p>
	Eventually, the machine just shut off overnight for no apparent reason and wouldn&apos;t turn back on.
	There&apos;s nothing visible inside the thing to indicate what might be wrong.
	Due to the fact that the battery light doesn&apos;t even respond to power input, my current working theory is that the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_supply_unit_(computer)">power supply</a> is dead.
	I&apos;ll likely keep the machine on hand in case I can find a replacement on a later date, but it was much less frustrating when this computer died than when most of my computers die.
	I think it&apos;s because deep down, I knew that this meant I was free of this obnoxious machine.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fdomains%2Ftaylor.local.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fdomains%2Ftaylor.local.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

