<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>I almost sold my domain name for a drawing of a duck today. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I almost sold my domain name for a drawing of a duck today.</h1>
			<p>Day 00002: Monday, 2015 March 09</p>
		</header>
</p>
	I spent the day doing research attempting to figure out how to get my mail server configured and running properly.
	I had no luck.
	Something had been eating at my mind for a while though: <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>s are known to block traffic coming from their customers on the mail port as a lazy way of blocking spam.
	I decided to check to see if my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> is one of them.
	<a href="https://customer.comcast.com/help-and-support/internet/email-port-25-no-longer-supported/">It seems that they are indeed blocking traffic on port 25</a>, <a href="https://customer.comcast.com/help-and-support/internet/list-of-blocked-ports/">both incoming and outgoing</a>.
	This has had nothing to do with why I can&apos;t figure out how to get the mail server configured, as the thing still doesn&apos;t even work on the local network, but it does mean that I should give up trying.
	Even if I get the server figured out, it will all be for nothing.
	I will instead set up an account with someone else to get email service running on one of their servers.
</p>
</p>
	(For the record, I&apos;m no fan of Comcast.
	Comcast is a freedom-hating, evil corperation that wants to destroy net neutrality.
	However, I&apos;m not the one paying the household Internet connection bill, so I don&apos;t get a say in our choice of <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>s.)
</p>
</p>
	I decided to choose Zoho to provide my email service for the time being.
	I&apos;m not enthusiastic about their terms of service, but they are tolerable for now.
	Setting up email access through them will get me up and running, and if I need to switch providers later, I can do so.
	It&apos;s worth noting though that the registration form and the terms of service seem to maybe be at odds with one another.
	The terms of service say <a href="https://www.zoho.com/terms.html"><q>You agree to: a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the sign up process;</q></a>, while the registration form says (in reference to both the first name field and the last name field) <a href="https://mail.zoho.com/biz/mailsignup.do?plan=free"><q>This must be between 2 to 30 characters and can contain letters, numbers, underscores, dot(.)</q></a>.
	If Zoho was asking for a legal first and last name, they would not be allowing underscores or digits.
	It is also highly likely that they would disallow dots.
	I can thus only assume that the first and last name are required to be accurate, but not necessarily a person&apos;s legal names.
	I used my legal name anyway due to it being already publicly-available in the whois records.
	However, the form presented the following error message: <q>We are unable to process your request now.
	Please try again after sometime or contact support@zohoaccounts.com</q>.
	I will try again tomorrow.
	If that does not work, I might try contacting support or I might try finding another email provider, though the latter will be quite difficult unless I can scrape together the funds to set up a paid account.
</p>
</p>
	An explanation for today&apos;s weblog entry&apos;s title can be found in the log of <a href="ircs://irc.volitile.club:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>.
	A summery lies below:
</p>
<blockquote>
</p>
	[18:21:06] &lt;Japex&gt; Yst: I&apos;ll buy y.st for $1<br/>
	[18:21:13] &lt;mistedwind&gt; 2$<br/>
	[18:21:40] &lt;mistedwind&gt; okay<br/>
	[18:21:53] &lt;mistedwind&gt; how about $5 and a drawing of a duck? final offer.<br/>
	[18:22:29] &lt;Yst&gt; Japex: I don&apos;t know how much it added up to after currency translation and translation fees, but it was more than that. Besides, I spent nearly a month finding an available short name. I&apos;m not giving it up easily.<br/>
	[18:22:53] &lt;mistedwind&gt; Yst: the duck though<br/>
	[18:23:33] &lt;Yst&gt; mistedwind: The duck is tempting, but I think I&apos;ll have to pass. I&apos;ve wanted a short name since I before I registered my first name.<br/>
	[18:25:22] &lt;mistedwind&gt; &gt;Yst&apos;s weblog entry 3-9-15 I almost sold my domain name for a drawing of a duck today.<br/>
	[18:25:47] &lt;Yst&gt; mistedwind: Mind if I post that?<br/>
	[18:25:52] &lt;Yst&gt; With your name?<br/>
	[18:25:56] &lt;mistedwind&gt; go ahead<br/>
	[18:26:02] &lt;Yst&gt; Sweet.<br/>
	[18:26:06] &lt;Japex&gt; Why would mistedwind mind?<br/>
	[18:26:22] &lt;mistedwind&gt; Japex: Yst is being polite, you should follow suit.<br/>
	[18:26:46] &lt;Yst&gt; It&apos;s not likely mistedwind would mind, but I do have to ask just in case. I don&apos;t want to piss people off without good reason.<br/>
	[18:28:29] &lt;Yst&gt; Japex: Can I take that as a statement that you won&apos;t mind if I repost what you said as well?<br/>
	[18:28:40] &lt;Japex&gt; Nah, I don&apos;t mind.<br/>
	[18:28:51] &lt;Japex&gt; If I&apos;m saying something in a public channel. I couldn&apos;t really care less.
</p>
</blockquote>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

