<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>A lazy day &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A lazy day</h1>
			<p>Day 00005: Thursday, 2015 March 12</p>
		</header>
</p>
	I wanted to get at least one of three things done today:
</p>
<ul>
<li>get back into my online credit union account and online credit union credit card account, as well as report the credit card as compromised (due to not being able to log into any accounts to shut off autopay)</li>
<li>get my website set up as more than just a single <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> page</li>
<li>start working on (but not likely finish today) getting a Minetest server up</li>
</ul>
</p>
	Instead, I got none of these things done.
	I procrastinated until a surprise evening outing with my family came up and took up the rest of the night.
	It wasn&apos;t a bad outing, but I really should have gotten something done during the day when I had a chance.
</p>
</p>
	Before this, I did walk down to the credit union to get the account situation sorted out.
	The people there were not able to fully restore access to both accounts, but they did reset my password on one account (I&apos;m not even sure which), and said that if I logged in I could do the rest as well as regain access to the other account.
	I suspect that the account they reset the password on was the main credit union account.
	They said that they could not report the card as compromised, and that I would need to do that myself via telephone.
	Tomorrow, I should use the information they gave me to get in and fix things up.
	I hope I can report the card as compromised from the Web interface, because I really hate doing anything by telephone.
	Once I change carriers (and thus change telephone numbers), I will not be giving the new number out to hardly anyone, aside from potential and current employers.
	Service providers that I deal with, such as the credit union, will not be getting my number.
</p>
</p>
	<a href="https://secupwn.github.io/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/">Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector</a> quit working on me today.
	Every time I opened the application, it crashed.
	Even clearing the application&apos;s data did not fix the crashing.
	After much testing, which involved me reverting several settings changes on the device and installing literately every non-system application I had (including Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector itself), I finally found both how to get it back working and reproduce the issue so I could report it.
	It seems that when the device is restarted without first clearing the application&apos;s data, Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector stops working until a time that the device is rebooted again with the cleared.
	I registered for GitHub so I could report the issue there, where the bug tracker is located, but my account was flagged as a bot account so I was unable to do anything.
	GitHub seems to have a habit of flagging the accounts of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users as robot accounts, but the thing is, they will work with you on that.
	If you tell them what is going on, they will restore usability to your account.
	I have contacted GitHub support, and now I just await a response.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

