<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>My money is back in my hands &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My money is back in my hands</h1>
			<p>Day 00006: Friday, 2015 March 13</p>
		</header>
</p>
	CameraChimera of the <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.club:6697/%23Volatile">Volatile Club</a> showed me a fun toy today called TOIlet, a command line application that returns Unicode art output of the text for any <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> text string entered.
	CameraChimera also showed me how to add this as a command to my <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> client so I can send formatted text to a channel on the fly.
</p>
</p>
	It appears Gitorious has been bought out by the less freedom-friendly Gitlab.
	Gitorious&apos; code is licensed under the terms of the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="Affero General Public License">AGPL</abbr>, while Gitlab instead has two branches, one under the <abbr title="Massachusetts Institute of Technology">MIT</abbr> license and one under a proprietary license.
	The company uses the <abbr title="Massachusetts Institute of Technology">MIT</abbr>-licensed branch to gather contributions from the community, then takes the good code and adds it to the proprietary branch.
	The proprietary branch includes features not in the <abbr title="Massachusetts Institute of Technology">MIT</abbr>-licensed branch to get people to switch over to it and get locked into using it.
	I find this very sad.
	I was going to host my code on Gitorious, but as they are now disappearing in May, that isn&apos;t going to happen.
</p>
</p>
	I got back into my main credit union account today using the information I got from walking into the credit union in person yesterday.
	However, this same information was not able to get me into the credit union credit card account as they had said it would.
	I decided to attempt a password recovery on the account, however, as expected, that required access to my old email address that I lost when my hard drive gave out.
	Recovering access to the email account seems to require first recovering access to the domain, but recovering access to the domain requires first recovering access to the email account.
	Unlike Gandi, the registrar this name is registered with does not provide a way to recover an account if you are unable to access your email.
</p>
</p>
	I walked back down to the credit union, and this time ended up being helped by a different teller.
	He said he was aware that getting back into the main account wouldn&apos;t get me back into the secondary account, as they are, as I suspected, on different systems.
	He seemed confused that the other teller had thought one account was resetable from the other, which made me feel better, as I had been confused about how it could be done yesterday.
	He changed the email address associated with the account, after which I was able to perform the password reset from home.
	Best of all, it seems reporting the card as compromised is in fact possible from the Web interface.
</p>
</p>
	The pattern that I thought I saw in <a href="https://secupwn.github.io/Android-IMSI-Catcher-Detector/">Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector</a>&apos;s crashing was inaccurate.
	Not only do I not have a consistent way to avoid the error, I also don&apos;t have a consistent way to set it off.
	I still have not heard back from GitHub though, so I am still not able to report the bug to the developers.
</p>
</p>
	As a final act for the day, I finished setting up my website in a usable way.
	All that exists here is still just my weblog, but the days are now separated into pages.
	There was an error in my numbering, it seems, and I had listed two days as day 4.
	That has been corrected as well.
	I should get my source code out there, bot so I don&apos;t lose it again, and so maybe someone can get a little use out of it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

