<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>My canary chirps &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My canary chirps</h1>
			<p>Day 00009: Monday, 2015 March 16</p>
		</header>
</p>
	I hoped to get some actual work done today, but again, I did not.
	I did not even get my new script to compile this website built.
	It&apos;s worth noting that I had a headache though, so I really wasn&apos;t up to doing much.
	I did however learn some very good information today.
</p>
</p>
	First, I learned a new <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> trick from wowaname.
	The <code>:active</code> pseudo-class can be used to create dynamic menus that show sub-menus when a menu item is clicked.
	This trick does not require JavaScript at all, and even better, degrades quite gracefully.
	The most annoying part about JavaScript menus is that for users that do not or cannot have JavaScript enabled, the menus become unusable.
	The <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> solution is much more elegant though.
	Because the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> contains only formating information and not any of the usable data, nothing important is lost when <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> is missing.
	<abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> hides the sub-menus that are not in use, so when a user has <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> disabled or is using a Web browser that does not support <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>, all the menu items are simply displayed at once so they can all be reached.
</p>
</p>
	It seems there is something known as the &quot;onion cloner&quot;, and it copies the contents websites hosted at onion addresses.
	It replaces the Bitcoin addresses on any of the pages it copies with its own Bitcoin address, then makes the copies available at new onion addresses where they masquerade as the originals.
	I&apos;m all for the spread of information.
	I believe anyone should be allowed to copy and redistribute anything and everything.
	However, masquerading as someone else is wrong and this could be some sort of man-in-the-middle attack.
	There is a relevant wiki article on this onion cloner, but the wiki is hosted at seems to be down.
</p>
</p>
	The final thing I learned today, and perhaps the most important, is a trick known as a <a href="https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2014/04/warrant-canary-faq">warrant canary</a>.
	This little trick is a way around gag orders and other legal abominations that the government can serve you to steal your freedom to disclose what they do to you.
	It&apos;s subtle and it does not allow you to disclose the details of what you are doing.
	But with foresight, it allows you to disclose the fact that you are subjected to one of these orders at all.
	Basically, the key is to continually assert the fact that you are <strong>*not*</strong> under orders not to speak freely.
	As long as you continue to update this assertion, people know you have not been silenced.
	However, the moment your assertion has gone too long without being updated or especially if your assertion has been removed entirely, people who are watching know you <strong>*must*</strong> no longer be able to speak freely.
	Because you are not technically disclosing that you are under orders not to disclose something, it is completely legal.
	Until such an order is served to you, you are well within your rights to tell people that you have not been served a gag order.
	Starting today, if any of my weblog entries do not assert that I am still able to speak freely, <strong>*please assume I am not able to disclose something of great importance*</strong>.
	Likewise, if any entry in this weblog once held such a statement but no longer does, <strong>*please assume I am under orders from the government to remove such statements from past entries*</strong>, most likely to make it less obvious that the statements are not showing up in future entries.
</p>
</p>
	I should create a list of known canaries at some point to help make it more obvious if one of them goes silent.
	As I got the idea from wowaname, I know that wowaname <a href="http://wowana.me/canary">has a canary</a> to start my list with.
</p>
</p>
	Today, my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> chirped.
	If any future weblog entry does not mention my canary, I have been placed under orders by the government not to disclose something.
	If this notice is removed from this entry, the government has ordered me to retroactively censor myself.
	If you actively care about my wellbeing, please keep an eye on my canary.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

