<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>paramat to the rescue &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>paramat to the rescue</h1>
			<p>Day 00019: Thursday, 2015 March 26</p>
		</header>
</p>
	<a href="https://forum.minetest.net/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&amp;u=3380&amp;sid=7794b7b517506862d59f6b36f62b855d">Paramat</a> showed up to help me in the <a href="https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=47&amp;t=11603&amp;sid=87934c7f4a426d9ab0131c7a303f2195">Minetest forum</a>.
	It&apos;s been a while since I was last a part of the Minetest community, but last I knew, paramat was the king of perlin noise and map generation.
	Having paramat to assist me was even better than I could have hoped for.
	It seems that I wasn&apos;t far off in my assumption that heat and humidity ranges are from 0 to 100.
	The actual range is from -25 to 125, but values outside the range of 0 to 100 are rare.
	I will probably try to crunch the numbers tomorrow to find rarity of these ranges so I can more evenly distribute my biomes.
	Paramat also showed me the <a href="https://github.com/paramat/biomesdev">biomesdev</a> module he/she built, so I can use it as an example of how to use the biome-generating functions.
</p>
</p>
	At work today, my mobile was having issues.
	Orbot wouldn&apos;t stop crashing as soon as it was no longer the application in focus.
	When I would open the application drawer, it would crash almost every time as well.
	The timer application, which I use to time my breaks, wouldn&apos;t make any sound while the screen was off, causing me to break for too long.
	I didn&apos;t have time to debug right away, but after I clocked off, I tried rebooting the device.
	Everything was then in working order.
	Or so it seemed.
	I later took a trip to the thrift store, where I ended up needing to access the Internet.
	This is the first time I&apos;ve gone clothing shopping since I became vegan, and I wasn&apos;t sure what some of the materials the clothing was made of were.
	I pulled out my mobile to look up the materials by the names listed on the tags, and found that my mobile had forgotten the network access point.
	While I had full tower connectivity, I did not have the information needed to actually access the network.
	I would only be able to look up the information needed to feed into the mobile and get the Internet connection back up once I got home.
	I took a risk and bought a linen shirt not knowing for sure what linen is, but but passed on everything else that I didn&apos;t know what it was.
	I forgot to fix the mobile&apos;s data connection when I got home, but later started receiving alerts that email was coming in.
	At first, I thought nothing of it, but then I realized that I shouldn&apos;t be getting email because I wasn&apos;t connected to the Internet.
	I checked in the mobile&apos;s settings, and sure enough, it had remembered the access point information.
	I am completely baffled as to what is going on with the device right now.
</p>
</p>
	As a note, I later looked up what linen is.
	It is a fabric made from the fibers of the flax plant, and is therefor vegan-friendly.
</p>
</p>
	I contacted GitHub for the third time through their Web form.
	If they do not respond this time, I will try contacting them through Twitter.
</p>
</p>
	My mother is really into Geocaching.
	One of her friends has scheduled a Geocaching event and is trying to get at least five hundred people to log that they will attend, as this will cause the event to be reclassified by the website as a &quot;mega event&quot;.
	Apparently it will be the first in this state.
	I registered an account to help with this, however, it seems the site prohibits access to the page by proxies.
	I am behind <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> as always, so I am unable to access the event page to log that I will attend.
	Oddly enough, the Geocaching website <strong>*did*</strong> allow me to register an account from behind <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, it just won&apos;t allow me to see the description and logging pages.
</p>
</p>
	I am <a href="/a/canary.txt">not under orders not to speak freely</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

