<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>PayPal and their semingly-automated responses &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>PayPal and their semingly-automated responses</h1>
			<p>Day 00021: Saturday, 2015 March 28</p>
		</header>
</p>
	I received a response from PayPal, and it shows just how incompetent they are.
	I had to submit my request in the form of a formal complaint because of a combination of factors relating to their idiotic system.
	Because I don&apos;t hava an account, I have to choose a category of inquiry, and none of the available categories fit the issue.
	I explained all of this in my complaint, yet in their response, they said next time I should use the contact form that I explained why I couldn&apos;t use.
</p>
</p>
	Next, PayPal said that because the email address I gave them is not associated with an account, they were unable to locate my failed transaction.
	There are two issues with this.
	First of all, I told them that the transaction was not made with an account.
	Or rather, I told them that I had no account, which if they had any intelegence, would tell them that any transaction I make throughh them is not accosiated with an account.
	Yet they still tried to locate my account by my email address.
	Second, I&apos;ve had this same issue before in the past, even back when I had an account.
	When PayPal declines your card, they <strong>*fail to log that a transaction attempt was even made*</strong>.
	Not finding the transaction has nothing to do with not finding the account.
	Because the card was declined by PayPal, PayPal doesn&apos;t even keep record of it.
</p>
</p>
	Next, PayPal tells me that if I have further questions, I need to contact telephone support.
	I thought I had told them that I do not have a telephone, but looking back over my initial message to them, I did not.
	I suppose I will let this one slide because of that.
	However, redirecting people to telephone support is not a valid way to handle issues.
	Telephone support is agrovating and time consuming.
	Not to mention the fact that not everyone has a telephone and it should not be expected that everyone does.
</p>
</p>
	I tweeted almost verbatim most of the above (publicly) to @AskPayPal.
	We&apos;ll see if that gets me anywhere.
	I have also recontacted PayPal through the form they asked me too.
	I chose the category &quot;How do I spend money&quot; under &quot;Sending/Reciving money&quot;, which isn&apos;t quite the right category, but it seems to be the closest they offer.
</p>
</p>
	Waking up several times in the middle of the night, I manages to install the system with an encrypted /home directory before having to go to work in the morning.
	I&apos;m not too happy with the results though.
	I have to enter my password three times before the system fully comes up (once for the encrypted swap partition that the installer insisted on and is probably a good idea, and twice for the encrypted /home partition).
	That&apos;s fine, but it seems that if I make a typographical error when entering the password, the system throws a fit, fails to boot properly, then dumps me in a root console.
	The proper way to handle it would be to request the password again, but instead, it hands root access over to whoever doesn&apos;t have the password.
	That seems like a security issue wating to happen.
	Sure, they can&apos;t access my sensitive data right away, but with root access, they can install whatever they like on my machine.
	They could for example install a key logger or a way to remotely access my data next time I mount the file system.
	I&apos;m going to try something new when I get off work.
</p>
</p>
	For the time being, <a href="/a/canary.txt">I am still not under a gag order</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

