<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>Technical difficulties: please stand by &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Technical difficulties: please stand by</h1>
			<p>Day 00022: Sunday, 2015 March 29</p>
		</header>
</p>
	Due to technical difficulty today, I missed the deadline of my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a>.
	Honestly, I&apos;m alright.
	I can still speak freely legally, I just have a tendency to have complications when trying something new.
	This just goes to show that if I&apos;m doing something new to my computer, I really should first update my site to give myself the most time possible in getting back to the canary.
</p>
</p>
	First of all, PayPal has agreed to take a look at my successful transaction if I send them an email originating from the email address I made the purchase from.
	They haven&apos;t yet agreed to do anything about the failed purchases, but it&apos;s a start.
	This happened yesterday, but I was unable to act on it yesterday or today.
	As you may know, I use a catch-all email address and give a different email address to every site that requests my email address.
	This allows me to know who gave out and/or sold my email address to spammers if I start getting a bunch of spam.
	The email address is usually in the form of &quot;{their host name including the terminating dot}@{my domain excluding the terminating dot}&quot;, though some sites claim this address is invalid.
	In these cases, I leave off the terminating dot from their domain name, and the site then accepts the address.
	Due to the nature of catch-all addresses, these addresses are perfectly valid and mail sent to them reaches me.
	However, they are inbound addresses only, not outbound.
	Assuming Zoho (my mail host) allows user names ending in dots, I should be able to set up the address I gave PayPal as an outbound address and continue with my attempts to get them to allow my to buy Mark With a C&apos;s music.
</p>
</p>
	Yesterday, after writing up my weblog entry for the day, I began my attempts to encrypt my hard drive.
	I tried to avoid <a href="http://libreboot.org/gitdocs/gnulinux/encrypted_trisquel.html">doing it the right way</a>, as the right way involves either modifying the Libreboot firmware (which I am not comfortable doing as I might brick my laptop) or entering five <abbr title="Grand Unified Bootloader">GRUB</abbr> commands every time you want to boot the machine.
	However, it seems that the right way is the only way.
	The Debian installer won&apos;t let you do it the wrong way.
	If you set up the encrypted partition not knowing about /boot, you will reach a state in the installer where the installer demands that you set up a /boot partition, but the installer also refuses to allow you to shrink an existing partition to make room for the /boot partition.
	You can&apos;t move forward and you can&apos;t move back.
	You have to restart the machine and try again.
	The most time consuming part of the installation is that whenever anything goes wrong and you have to begin the install again, the installer wants to overwrite the whole disk with random data (only when using encryption).
	That means that each mistake and failed installation cost me a lot of time, which is why I missed my canary deadline.
	At one point, the installer set the system up fully-encrypted (using the right method mentioned above), but somehow failed to install sudo.
	I couldn&apos;t install sudo myself because I needed sudo to have the privileges needed to install anything.
	I tried using Synaptic to install it, but Synaptic asked for root&apos;s password.
	I didn&apos;t set a root password for security reasons, so I was unable to make installations that way either.
	Once again, I had to go through the time-consuming process of reinstalling the encrypted system.
</p>
</p>
	Tomorrow (which is the day I actually wrote this entry), I would finally succeed in the installation.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

