<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>They will ship glitter to your enemies &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/03-March/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>They will ship glitter to your enemies</h1>
			<p>Day 00024: <time>Tuesday, 2015 March 31</time></p>
		</header>
</p>
	Bandcamp wrote back to me stating that PayPal is currently the only method of payment that they accept (which I already knew and was the reason for my letter to them), but that they are currently exploring more flexible options.
	Whether this exploration was prompted by me or not was left unstated, but I get the feeling that I did not instigate this.
	Bandcamp has likely received complaints about PayPal issues from other users as well and was already in the process of trying to allow other payment processing options before I wrote.
	I was worried that Bandcamp would not be open to my suggestion, but it seems things are already in the works.
</p>
</p>
	Speaking of PayPal, clearing things up without a PayPal account was much easier than back when I had an account.
	As I said yesterday, my payment through PayPal suddenly was able to go through.
	I don&apos;t know if PayPal fixed the issue because of my complaining and simply did not tell me (doubtful) or if the issue simply went away for the time being.
	When I had an account, PayPal support kept demanding sensitive information from me (most of which I was gullible enough to hand over at the time),after which they would claim they had unlocked my account.
	However, the next time I tried to log in, I would find my account either still locked or locked again.
	This carried on for almost two months.
	However, this time, things cleared up in a little over a week.
	I have no doubt that this issue will occur again repeatedly, but it seems it doesn&apos;t last so long as long as I don&apos;t have an account.
</p>
</p>
	Mistedwind told me about the existence of a <a href="https://quokka2f3no6jvso.onion/">onion and eepsite certificate authority</a>, and said the link was on <a href="https://4cdn.github.io/bookmarks/">along list of links</a> somewhere.
	Finding it was easy with the browser&apos;s search option, but I also looked through the list and found several other interesting things.
	The certificate authority seems to not be issuing certificates for the time being, but the process they use to verify that you own a given onion or eepsite is your own by submitting a <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr>-signed request using a key <a href="https://quokka2f3no6jvso.onion/about.html">claiming to be valid for a specific email address at your domain</a>.
	I don&apos;t see how this proves anything, as anyone can generate such a key, and I think even multiple people can upload such a key to the same key server.
	However, it is an interesting concept.
	There is also a site that sells the service of <a href="https://shipyourenemiesglitter.com/">shipping your enemies glitter</a>.
</p>
</p>
	I don&apos;t know how, but someone has found my onion address.
	I don&apos;t try to hide it, but I&apos;m not particularly noteworthy and my onion mostly just sits there offering a copy of the Eschalot source code.
	Somehow though, it has made its way onto a <a href="http://duper4o5k7764esi.onion/">list of onions</a>.
</p>
</p>
	Paramat got back to me on my <a href="https://forum.minetest.net/viewtopic.php?f=47&amp;t=11603&amp;p=174616">question about the temperature and humidity ranges</a> right away, but due to my recent technical problems, I was unable to reply until yesterday.
	But I was very tired yesterday and put off reading paramat&apos;s response until today.
	It seems my hunch about the range was right.
	But while the values can get as low as -37.5 and as high as +137.5, they rarely do.
	I will probably move the generic biome back to the center of the temperature/humidity map, move the four other major biomes to near the corners of the 0 to 100 range, and split the retro biome into four more specific biomes containing different old nodes.
	These four new biomes will exist at the extremes of the temperature/humidity map and will be the rarest biomes of all.
</p>
</p>
	I am considering joining <a href="https://www.patreon.com/joshwoodward">Josh Woodward&apos;s funding efforts</a>, but not tonight.
	Patreon&apos;s terms of service are simply <a href="https://www.patreon.com/legal">too long</a>, and I don&apos;t feel up to reading them tonight.
	In addition to reading those terms, I should pester GitHub on Twitter tomorrow.
	They still have not responded to me about activating my account.
	If they don&apos;t want to activate my account, that&apos;s one thing, but they should at least respond to me telling me that they will not.
	I can inly assume that their contact form is broken or something and they are not even getting my cries for help.
</p>
</p>
	My right to free speech is <a href="/a/canary.txt">still intact</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F03-March%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

