<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Another bad day &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Another bad day</h1>
			<p>Day 00705: <time>Thursday, 2017 February 09</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m exhausted.
		I knew that I either had to work on coursework or move something heavy from my mother&apos;s home to my home.
		I chose to move the heavy thing, a bin full of my clothing.
		However, it was raining this morning, so I would have gotten both myself and my clothing wet.
		Reluctantly, I turned to my studies instead.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mobile has been draining its battery overnight while in airplane mode, much to my frustration.
		I asked if anyone on the <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> channel knew what the problem might be, and they asked me to install another system to see if the issue was just a faulty battery or if it was something in Replicant.
		Unfortunately, the new system wouldn&apos;t install.
		It did, however, mess up the existing system in the installation attempt.
		I went back to the Replicant website to download Replicant once more.
		I found though that a version of Replicant 6.0 is now available for the GT-i9100, so I tried to install that.
		It required that I flash a new recovery image first, so I reluctantly did that.
		However, the device now couldn&apos;t install the Replicant image.
		Joy.
		I tried downloading the old Replicant 4.2 0004 system image to try that, but by the time that that finished downloading to my laptop, the Replicant device seemed to be too far gone.
		It now won&apos;t start up long enough to even install the system image.
		If unplugged, it won&apos;t start up.
		If plugged in, it stays in an on/off loop even if I don&apos;t touch the thing.
		I think that the battery is completely dead now or something.
		As such, this journal entry gets no photograph.
		There might not be any more photographs for a long while.
	</p>
	<p>
		To make matters worse, Google has once again locked down my account.
		They insisted that I wait for a manual review, but as always, that didn&apos;t go well.
		They kept me locked out of the account and there&apos;s nothing that I can do about it.
	</p>
	<p>
		One good thing that did come out of today though is this: I&apos;ve learned to mute the Crown&apos;s voices.
		It made running the drive-through much nicer toward the end of the night.
		On another day, I accidentally muted one of the voices, hinting that muting was possible, but it took until now to figure out how to do it intentionally.
		Now I can deal with one customer at a time, not have to listen to the rumbling of the next customer&apos;s vehicle at the menu board while talking to the current customer at the window.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My reading assignment for the week in <span title="Ethics and Social Responsibility">PHIL 1404</span> is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://traces.revues.org/401">Who is (not) afraid of (cultural) relativism?</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-01-what-is-cultural-relativism.html">What Is Cultural Relativism?</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-02-nietzsche-s-eternal-return-of-.html">Nietzsche’s Eternal Return of the Same</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-03-cultural-ethics.html">Cultural Ethics</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-04-virtue-theory.html">Virtue Theory</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-05-discourse-ethics.html">Discourse Ethics</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-06-ethics-of-care.html">Ethics of Care</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-07-the-cheat-sheet-rules-of-thumb.html">The Cheat Sheet: Rules of Thumb in Applied Ethics</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s08-08-case-studies.html">Case Studies</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s09-01-finding-jobs-to-want.html">Finding Jobs to Want</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s09-02-working-for-ethically-complica.html">Working for Ethically Complicated Organizations</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://2012books.lardbucket.org./books/business-ethics/s09-03-case-studies.html">Case Studies</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		I read the case studies first, as both the written assignment and the discussion assignment pertain to particular case studies.
		After that, I started reading the piece entitled &quot;Who is (not) afraid of (cultural) relativism?&quot; and working on my <a href="/en/coursework/PHIL1404/Cultural_relativism.xhtml">essay</a>, but I haven&apos;t finished that article just yet.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

