<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Port forwarding is now operational. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Port forwarding is now operational.</h1>
			<p>Day 00719: <time>Thursday, 2017 February 23</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I tried again to get regular tethering set up.
		That would fix the issue where I can&apos;t access resources that make use of trailing-dot host names.
		I can&apos;t get it to work this time, with or without orWall enabled.
		Whatever, though.
		I finally got regular <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> port forwarding to function without disabling orWall, which is much safer on the laptop and allows me to set up email fetching on the mobile (though it doesn&apos;t fix the trailing-dot error).
		You&apos;d think that telling orWall to allow <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> to connect to <code>localhost</code> would do it, but no.
		You actually need to tell orWall to allow the <strong>*Linux shell*</strong> to connect to <code>localhost</code>.
		This seems familiar.
		Did I already figure this out before, but I forgot due to how long I&apos;ve been without my mobile service?
		In any case, I&apos;m mostly happy with my new setup.
	</p>
	<p>
		Before work today, I headed to the thrift shop next door to my workplace.
		I picked up a cooking pot and a bath towel, as well as a blanket.
		The blanket cost a bit more than I wanted to pay, but I didn&apos;t want to spend another night cold.
		Now that I have the pot, I can start bringing home and cooking some <strong>*real*</strong> food.
		As for the towel, I thought I&apos;d finally get to take a shower.
		I forgot that I&apos;ve got no shower curtain or shower curtain rod though, so no shower yet.
		If I&apos;d remembered, I&apos;d have looked for a shower curtain rod at the thrift store too.
		The shower curtain will likely need to be new though, I never see those second hand.
	</p>
	<p>
		The head manager said that they were giving me a break from drive-through, despite knowing that I like that station.
		I think they might think I&apos;m going to burn out on it or something.
		However, they put me on my least-favorite station when calling this a break.
		I don&apos;t mind working the sucky station, someone has to, but it&apos;s not much of a break.
		It wasn&apos;t bad today though.
		I think having less stress in my home life is giving me more room to brush trivial inconveniences off.
	</p>
	<p>
		Thankfully, I checked the schedule before I headed home.
		I was checking to see when I got <strong>*off*</strong> work tomorrow, but it seems I forgot when I&apos;m to clock <strong>*on*</strong> due to recent stress.
		I would have been an hour late!
		I still have no Internet service, and thus no usable server, so I can&apos;t use CalDAV.
		Still, I should get a basic local-to-the-device calendar set up with my schedule on it.
	</p>
	<p>
		Fred Meyer got back to me again.
		This time, they say that I need a new enough Web browser (they listed a bunch of browser versions), JavaScript enabled, and the Adobe Flash plugin.
		They said that if I met those requirements, to send them my browser version number and my operating system&apos;s name and version.
		I replied with both names and version numbers, and explained that installing Flash isn&apos;t an option for me.
		I then asked if this excludes me from their downloadable coupons and weekly giveaways.
		We&apos;ll see what they say about that.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I had to finish my <a href="/en/coursework/PHIL1404/#Unit4">learning journal assignment</a> at the last minute again.
		Hopefully with less distractions now, I can keep up with my coursework better.
	</p>
	<p>
		University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> has sent me the bill for the current term.
		If I&apos;d thought about it, I would&apos;ve picked up the cashier&apos;s cheque that I need to pay them with before work, but I was worrying about other things.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

