<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>My siblings &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My siblings</h1>
			<p>Day 00720: Friday, 2017 February 24</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		If I wasn&apos;t carrying stuff home last night after work (stuff I bought at the thrift store next door), I&apos;d&apos;ve timed the walk to the public library instead of heading straight home.
		The library has a faster Internet connection than I do.
	</p>
	<p>
		Alyssa contacted me today.
		It seems that they and Cyrus are mostly doing well, though Alyssa&apos;s now having breathing issues and their migraine solution (an amino acid supplement) isn&apos;t as effective as it was before.
		Cyrus has maintained radio silence, and it seems that this was because they didn&apos;t want to get me in trouble with our mother, who has disowned Cyrus.
		Alyssa is planning to become a professional organizer, which means that they&apos;ll be working for Friends of Seasonal and Service Workers full-time.
		Cyrus is trying to fill out the <abbr title="Free Application for Federal Student Aid">FAFSA</abbr>, but it requires a signature from our mother because they were a dependent of out mother for part of last year.
		As such, Cyrus is stuck, unable to do anything for two years.
		It&apos;s a pretty idiotic requirement.
		They really shouldn&apos;t demand that a student get a signature from a parent that they no longer have contact with, or even a parent that they have contact with but are no longer a dependent of.
	</p>
	<p>
		I checked in with the second-hand store next door to my workplace before clocking in today, but they have no shower curtain rods.
		I can&apos;t go without a shower forever, so I might end up needing to get a brand new rod soon.
		I also looked for a collapsible card table there, but no such luck.
		I could really use a table to eat at and especially to work on coursework at.
		Once I have my coursework done for the week, I should go check out this other second-hand shot that I know of not too far from my home.
		I should also go shopping for food when I get a chance.
		One of those large bags of potatoes would be awesome, along with other miscellaneous vegetables and soy milk.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I finally took the annual student survey.
		Unfortunately, the website keeps locking up on me.
		I find this in the classroom too, where all the hyperlinks and text areas stop working.
		No other website does this, so it must be specific to the university website, somehow.
		A bit later, I found the cause.
		The university&apos;s pages are doing something over the network while I try to use them, and they lock up while they do so.
		Unplugging the network connection while I use the page fixes the problem.
	</p>
	<p>
		The university has presented me with two opportunities to promote them as an ambassador.
		One involves sending in a video saying &quot;no&quot; to student debt and &quot;yes&quot; to tuition-free education.
		I won&apos;t be participating in that one for a number of reasons.
		First, the university offers <strong>*extremely low*</strong> tuition, but it&apos;s not zero.
		I highly support the school&apos;s low-cost mission, but I won&apos;t put my reputation on the line and lie saying that there&apos;s no tuition at all.
		Next, I don&apos;t have a camera.
		Finally, I&apos;m not putting my face and voice online.
		I don&apos;t think that I should need to.
		I&apos;m more than happy to promote my school, but in other mediums.
		The second opportunity involves having my photo, contact information, and some information about me such as hobbies and such made public for prospective students to be able to contact me and ask about the school.
		This one seems like more of something that I&apos;d do ... aside from the photograph part.
		I&apos;ve asked if the photograph is a hard requirement, so we&apos;ll see how that goes.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

