<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>I have real food now! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I have real food now!</h1>
			<p>Day 00722: Sunday, 2017 February 26</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I took my paycheck to work today, planning to deposit it after work and get the cashier&apos;s cheques I need to pay rent and pay tuition.
		I forgot though that the days I work morning shifts are Sundays.
		There is no heading to the credit union after work for me, I have to do it before work on night shift days.
	</p>
	<p>
		After I got home from work, I headed to a couple stores to pick up a few essentials: a shower curtain, shower curtain rings, shampoo, cotton swabs, potatoes, carrots, celery, and laundry soap.
		I can finally take showers again!
		I was expecting to get a fifteen-pound bag of potatoes, but the the ten-pound bag was one fifteenth of a cent cheaper per pound.
		It&apos;s not much, but it&apos;s enough to be a valid excuse to make my burden five pounds lighter!
		The cheapest carrots came in a twenty-five-pound bag.
		I really, really didn&apos;t want to carry <strong>*that*</strong> bag home!
		I debated for a bit, and decided that I wasn&apos;t sure if I could eat that many carrots before they spoiled.
		I don&apos;t know how fast I can use them or how fast they go bad. The five-pound bag was safer.
		Later, when I&apos;m only out of one or two things and don&apos;t have to buy and carry everything at once, I might do better bulk shopping.
		I was going to buy raisins as well, but I forgot to.
		Besides, what I did buy was heavy enough!
		I also picked up minced garlic; mixed, frozen vegetables; and spinach as a special treat for myself.
		The Dollar Tree lacked the soy milk that I was counting on them having though.
		The checkers didn&apos;t seem to recall ever stocking soy milk there, so it could have been an item exclusive to the Coos Bay and North Bend branches.
		In any case, I&apos;ll have to get it elsewhere for a higher price.
		I could&apos;ve stopped back at Winco to get the soy milk, but I didn&apos;t want to bring my load back in there and I was overburdened as it was.
		I also picked up spring rolls so I wouldn&apos;t have to cook tonight.
		I normally don&apos;t mind cooking as long as there&apos;s no one around to complain about my food, but after that long walk with groceries, I knew I wouldn&apos;t have the energy to make food.
		I don&apos;t have a baking pan yet though, so I ate them frozen.
	</p>
	<p>
		The elderly roommate (parent, maybe?) of the on-site manager told me the manager writes up receipts when people pay rent here, whether people want them or not.
		If people don&apos;t want them, the manager keeps them, as sometimes, people come back later wanting them.
		Apparently, they have some that date back as far as five years still.
		If they&apos;re writing up receipts either way, I might as well take mine and keep them in my files.
		I guess I&apos;ll pay my rent in person this week.
		Truth be told, I&apos;d rather pay in person anyway, I just feel weird disturbing the manager.
		I mean, it&apos;s their <strong>*job*</strong>, but it&apos;s not like they have any connection to me or want to see me.
		This isn&apos;t just their work site, but also their home.
		When I contact them about something, it&apos;s not like walking up and knocking on someone&apos;s office door; I&apos;m disturbing them <strong>*at home*</strong>.
	</p>
	<p>
		Taking a simple shower didn&apos;t go as smoothly as it could&apos;ve.
		I got in the shower, turned the hot water on full blast, and waited for the heated water to make its way through the pipes.
		No such luck.
		After several minutes, the water was still ice cold.
		This was the first time I actually tried using hot water here; I use cold water for everything else, but icy showers are more than I can take.
		I figured that the hot water heater must be turned off.
		The manager probably turned it off to save energy because no tenant was in the apartment at the time.
		The next tenant (me) would notice and turn it back on.
		I tried to figure out how to work the thing for probably a good ten minutes, but got nowhere.
		There wasn&apos;t any obvious buttons or switches on the thing.
		The circuit breaker wasn&apos;t flipped.
		I unscrewed the panel on the side and saw only insulation.
		The instruction manual didn&apos;t have any helpful information; it said to power the thing on, but gave no indication of how to do that.
		Eventually, I unscrewed the panel on the side for probably the fifth time, and this time, moved the insulation to find the reset switch.
		I hit that, but it had no noticeable effect.
		But then ... I felt a slight heat coming from within the hole the panel covered.
		The thing clearly <strong>*was*</strong> running, and had probably been running all along.
		I could barely feel the heat, to the point that I wasn&apos;t quite sure that I honestly felt it at all and that it wasn&apos;t just a hopeful figment of my imagination.
		It was there though, and it&apos;d been there too quickly to have been caused by my hitting of the reset switch.
		It&apos;d been powered on the whole time!
		I carefully touched the hot water pipe coming from it.
		That thing must be pretty well insulated, because it wasn&apos;t hot to the touch at all, just slightly warm.
		It was warm enough to know the hot water must be there though.
		I went back to the shower, but the water still ran cold.
		So I tried flipping the knob the other direction.
		Perhaps I&apos;d somehow mixed up which direction was hot and which was cold.
		Within a few second, the hot water flowed.
		I&apos;d just been a doofus.
	</p>
	<p>
		Or had I?
		As I stared at the knob while I washed my hair, I noticed the blue and red markings.
		According to the knob, the facet should be sending me almost straight cold water.
		Someone set up the pipes in the shower incorrectly!
		Blue is hot and red is cold.
		It&apos;s a little amusing now that I can actually work the thing, but it probably causes problems for every new tenant.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

