<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Study help &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/02-February/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Study help</h1>
			<p>Day 00723: <time>Monday, 2017 February 27</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I found my stash of proprietary propaganda booklets that I needed to properly dispose of.
		I started running them through the shredder, one by one, but now the shredder&apos;s jammed.
		One of the booklets was too thick, or so I thought at first.
		I got most of the jam out, but a bunch is wedged into the inner seam.
		I&apos;d need to dismantle the thing to finish fixing it, which requires a screwdriver.
		I have almost no tools here, so I thought fixing it would have to wait.
		Thankfully, I happened upon a small screwdriver while unpacking later in the day.
		After fixing the shredder and being much more careful, it jammed again.
		That must be why the thing had been donated to begin with.
		I&apos;ll need to return it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I headed in to work a bit early so I&apos;d have time to run several errand before clocking in.
		My first errand was of course to return the shredder, but while I brought the shredder itself, I forgot the receipt.
		I realized my mistake halfway to work, but it was too late to turn back.
		I left the shredder at work, and I&apos;ll probably try again to return it on Thursday.
		I was going to pick up a baking tray and water-resistant coat at the second-hand store too, but now that&apos;ll have to wait.
		The store doesn&apos;t give cash refunds, only in-store credit, so if I buy what I need now, I might not be able to make efficient use of the refund.
		I&apos;m not sure if the refund credit can even be saved or if it needs to be spent in the same visit.
		Next, I headed over to a grocery store to pick up bullion and almond milk.
		Thankfully, the almond milk was on sale, so I got it as cheaply ad I would have had I bought it yesterday at Winco.
		Lastly, I stopped at the credit union to pick up cashier&apos;s cheques.
		Unfortunately, my mobile died again before I got there, so I didn&apos;t have the note on what I needed the one for University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>&apos;s memo to contain.
		They left it blank for me, so I can fill it in by hand before I send it.
		I think the problem is that the device gets activated and, from the lock screen, put in camera mode.
		It causes the battery to drain needlessly quickly.
		Having the camera accessible without activating the device was nice, but I&apos;m done with this.
		I frequently find it switched into camera mode when I pull it from my pocket.
		I&apos;ve now removed access to the camera from the lock screen.
		I might miss some photo-perfect moments, but I won&apos;t lose access to my clock, memo pad, music player, email access point, et cetera.
	</p>
	<p>
		I decided not to make sure that the teller used the proper date format.
		I&apos;d just grumble again in my journal if they didn&apos;t do as I asked again.
		However, they actually put the date on the cheque in the format I said the date in!
		However, they messed up the other cheque, the one for my rent.
		Instead of making it out to Emerald Property Management as I&apos;d asked, they made it out to &quot;EPM&quot;.
		C&apos;mon, people!
		Mangling the date format in a memo is one thing, but making it out to an abbreviated name?
		I gave the teller a funny look though, and asked if Emerald Property Management would even take it.
		The teller says they&apos;ve been making people&apos;s rent cheques out to &quot;EPM&quot; for several years and not had problems, so I guess this will work.
		I&apos;ll find out for sure when I try to pay rent tomorrow.
	</p>
	<p>
		With my errands complete (aside from the one at the second-hand store), I went to work and started cutting up potatoes and carrots that I brought to work, along with an onion from my workplace.
		It made for a better dinner than I&apos;ve had in a while!
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my coworkers and I got discussing ethics today.
		It started out as a joke.
		I forgot what I was doing, but they commented on it being confusing, so I asked if they were familiar with ethical frameworks.
		They were, and&apos;d gotten excellent marks on an ethics course when they were in school.
		I asked if they were familiar with utilitarianism and maximizing happiness.
		They were, but find the concept of utilitarianism to be a poor framework, and it sounds like they subscribe to a more duty-based framework themself.
		Finally, I explained that the framework I use is about maximizing chaos.
		Confusing people is an imperative!
		In any case, they later offered to help me proofread assignment, both for content and grammar, and gave me their contact information.
		I could always use more help with my writing and education.
		I like to think my writing is improving, but let&apos;s be honest: my writing often gets worse too.
		I&apos;m currently working on reversing a devolution in my writing where I started using the word &quot;that&quot; far too often, just as an example.
		Applying ethical frameworks can also be a challenge too when arguing points I don&apos;t agree with or using ethical frameworks I don&apos;t subscribe to.
		But more importantly, I&apos;m a bit bad at finding excuses to make contacts.
		If someone just offers like this, I certainly can&apos;t pass up the opportunity!
		Once I got home, I emailed them my contact information as well.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F02-February%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

