<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>Unreasonable expectations &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Unreasonable expectations</h1>
			<p>Day 00482: <time>Friday, 2016 July 01</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	We stayed up last night and into this morning working on moving all of the family belongings into the entry area of the house, but we didn&apos;t finish before our mother returned.
	They were furious! Apparently, we were supposed to finish the entire house in the six hours that they&apos;d been gone.
	However, our mother also said that they didn&apos;t know where most of the stuff that we&apos;d gathered came from.
	They said this to mean that we&apos;d not gotten as much of the known stuff as they&apos;d wanted done, but a very clear different message had come through: they didn&apos;t know where this stuff had been, meaning that there was more stuff to clean up than they&apos;d realized.
	It certainly wasn&apos;t a six-hour job! Seething with frustration, our mother said that we needed to go to bed; we weren&apos;t any good tire.
</p>
<p>
	After our mother and I had slept for three hours, our mother&apos;s anger seemed to have subsided.
	They understood that we&apos;re all tired, it&apos;s not just them.
	Cyrus didn&apos;t quite get up as early as us, but they did wake up soon after and likewise had not had a full night&apos;s sleep.
</p>
<p>
	As we continued our cleaning and packing, the real estate agent came by, expecting the house to be empty.
	They sure were surprised to find that we&apos;d not finished vacating the premises yet! It appears that they already had someone ready to view the house as eleven to see if it was the right house for them.
	It&apos;s true that we should have been out of the house, so this was our fault for not starting the packing process a couple days sooner, but that was awfully quick to find a potential customer.
	The real estate agent seemed understandably frustrated, but was very polite about it, saying that they&apos;d get the viewers to reschedule.
	My mother thinks that the real estate agent was understanding, seeing as they probably see people having a hard time getting moved out all the time.
	I agree that there&apos;s a high probability that this sort of thing happens fairly often, but I&apos;ve learned to have a much more jaded view of people.
	I think that instead of being understanding, the real estate agent simply wanted to remain professional about the situation; showing too much frustration would be bad for future business and getting worked up about the situation wouldn&apos;t save their appointment at eleven.
</p>
<p>
	Trying desperately to get out of the real estate agent&apos;s way, we rented a second local storage unit in Coos Bay, which we completely filled.
	Even with the three of us working all day, we couldn&apos;t finish the job.
	There was no denying at this point that there was no way that Cyrus and I alone could have completed the job in six hours, though no one dared bring that up.
	As we cleared out the garage, we found two dead birds trapped in the window.
	They might have been related, but my guess is that instead, they were mates.
	I&apos;m not sure how they got in there, but they weren&apos;t able to escape and had likely starved to death.
	Poor birds.
</p>
<p>
	My mother asked if I could even handle the continued strain on my body as we moved massive amounts of heavy boxes, mentioning that we could hire people to do the unpacking.
	Unfortunately for me though, I cannot show weakness.
	I must remain strong, at least on the outside.
	I declined, saying that I wasn&apos;t sure about Cyrus and our mother, but that I&apos;d keep going as long as we needed to to finish the move.
</p>
<p>
	My mother said that we should take another load to Springfield in the minivan, but some of the stuff we needed to bring was too heavy for our mother to lift.
	Cyrus or I would have to come.
	Cyrus wouldn&apos;t express an opinion one way or the other as to who should go, so I elected to come and be the designated lifter.
	Cyrus on the other hand stayed home to clean the house and move all of our remaining belongings out to the garage where they&apos;d be consolidated and we could quickly pack them up before dawn.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

