<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Like daggers &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Like daggers</h1>
			<p>Day 00483: Saturday, 2016 July 02</p>
		</header>
<p>
	When my mother and I got home, we found that Cyrus hadn&apos;t consolidated everything while we were away.
	Apparently, though Cyrus remembered that they&apos;d been told to do that, they weren&apos;t sure if they&apos;d imagined that instruction.
	Instead of either emailing us and asking or following the instruction anyway because they weren&apos;t sure and it wouldn&apos;t hurt to follow it, they ignored the instruction and did nothing but some light sweeping.
	Our mother was furious.
	They&apos;d been counting on getting a nap in after getting back, but now, there wouldn&apos;t be any time for that, as we were having to move things from all over the house instead of getting everything directly out of the garage.
	Scrambling all over the house, mostly without a word, we finished vacating the house, cleaned it up, then attempted to load the minivan onto the vehicle-towing trailer on the moving van.
	That didn&apos;t work out so well.
	We&apos;d packed the minivan so full of stuff that it sat quite a bit lower than it normally would; too low to be able to make it up the ramp.
	To get the minivan up, we ended up unpacking much of it, driving it up the ramp, then once again packing it, this time while the van was raised and a bit inconvenient to reach.
</p>
<p>
	Once back in Springfield, our mother took a nap, leaving no instructions before doing so.
	Hoping to be useful, I began unloading the junk in the minivan, though at a somewhat slow pace; I was exhausted.
	Cyrus joined in, speeding the work, but we still were slow due both to fatigue and to try to be quiet in the entryway, as our mother was sleeping right near the door.
	When our mother got up, they were not happy that we hadn&apos;t finished unloading yet.
	First of all, we&apos;d never even been told to unload.
	Why did they assume we&apos;d not only start, but finish?
	And had they forgotten that we&apos;re all tired?
	Our mother&apos;s nap had lasted only an hour and a half and the minivan was packed as full as we could possibly pack it.
	It was jammed in there, all the way up to the roof, mostly not in boxes, and even filled the driver seat and dash.
</p>
<p>
	Later in the day, we received word from Vivian that the doctor had found the source of their constant migraines.
	Not only that, but it&apos;s treatable!
	Basically, while Vivian intakes plenty of B vitamins, their body can&apos;t process them.
	With a simple supplement, Vivian can get what their body is missing, make proper use of B vitamins, and be headache-free.
	Our mother broke down in tears of joy because of this news.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother said <q>This will forever be known as the summer of purging.</q>.
	Apparently, we&apos;re each (including our mother) to sort one box each day to get organized, making it easier for our mother to go through and find duplicate and otherwise unneeded items.
	Our mother always says that they need to thin down, but perhaps two awful moves in quick succession later, they actually mean it this time.
	I really hope so.
	For as long as I can remember, our mother&apos;s stuff has taken up over half of every hallway, making it exceedingly difficult to get around the house.
	In Coos Bay, we hadn&apos;t brought everything over yet, so it had been nice to actually be able to easily move throughout our home.
	There is no good reason not to be able to do that.
</p>
<p>
	My mother went to bed, and when I said I&apos;d stay up and continue lifting boxes, my mother claimed that while I may be stronger, they are tougher; I don&apos;t need to try to prove otherwise.
	My mother isn&apos;t even tough enough to try out new software, new music, or a new diet; I doubt whether they&apos;re somehow tougher than me.
	However, that wasn&apos;t at all the point.
	I explained that it had nothing to do with toughness, it had to do with not wanting to be a burden; I didn&apos;t want to be the one that slowed our mother down.
	My mother responded that I&apos;m not a burden.
	That&apos;s not what they always tell me though whenever anything comes up.
	They always try to shift blame onto me, even when it&apos;s not my responsibility to pick up their slack.
	You can&apos;t play both sides like that; it causes both both support and disdain to be felt as piercingly negative.
	In fact, their positive comments might hurt worse than their insults.
	Cyrus stayed up to help some too, but admitted that they&apos;d likely go to bed fairly soon.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

