<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Maybe I can get some rest now. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Maybe I can get some rest now.</h1>
			<p>Day 00484: Sunday, 2016 July 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I stayed up last night and into this morning unloading boxes from the moving van.
	Cyrus stayed with me for a while, but quickly went to bed.
	My goal was to remove all non-furniture from the moving van.
	I couldn&apos;t remove the furniture (filing cabinets, shelves, et cetera) until my mother decided where they wanted them, which couldn&apos;t be done until they woke up.
	However, if I could get all the boxes out of the van, using the gratis-for-one-month storage units wouldn&apos;t be very productive, so we&apos;d surely cancel them.
	The problem is that if we move into the storage units, we have less than a month to move out.
	The only reason we&apos;d be using them is to save time and hassle now, costing us a greater amount of time and hassle next month; if I could only get the boxes moved, I might be able to save us all a lot of future agony.
	I pushed myself to my limit, but I fell short of my goal of removing all the boxes.
	I had become deliriously tired, starting to hear and see things that were never there.
	Furthermore, my speed by now had slowed to a crawl.
	I didn&apos;t have the strength to be at all productive.
	I started packing up the job, hoping against hope that I&apos;d done enough to accomplish the real goal, the goal of canceling the storage unit rental.
	I had, after all, taken care of almost all non-furniture; several items remained, but the moving van looked almost barren.
	Packing up was a bit of a pain, as I had to move a kayak singlehandedly into the garage so it wouldn&apos;t be stolen overnight (a two-person lift job into a really tight space crowded with boxes), as well as figure out how to close the motorized garage door without turning on the motor and waking everyone (we&apos;ve never closed the garage door without the electric motor, I wasn&apos;t even sure if it was possible on that garage door).
</p>
<p>
	I slept for about an hour, at which point I woke up again.
	For the past while, I haven&apos;t been able to sleep past a certain point in the morning, usually about seven hundred, and it was about that time.
	It didn&apos;t matter how tired I was.
	I stayed on the floor trying in vain to get back to sleep for a bit, but soon heard my mother outside opening the moving van, so I went out to meet them.
	I explained that I hadn&apos;t been able to finish because of exhaustion, but it appeared that I&apos;d done enough after all.
	My mother sent me in to try to get some more rest while they moved the remaining boxes and unboxed items, saying that they&apos;d get me when it was time to move the furniture.
	I did manage to fall back asleep fairly quickly I think, and though I planned to sleep only an hour, I ended up going about forty minutes over that.
	I rushed back out, and my timing was fine.
	My mother had been just about to come get me.
	They&apos;d even cleared out a spot in the room just off the entryway to move the filing cabinets and one of the shelves into (we moved the other shelves upstairs).
	Cyrus and I unloaded the furniture, then we were off to return the moving van to a city near Portland.
	I&apos;m far too tired to recall the name of this city, but it probably doesn&apos;t matter.
</p>
<p>
	Once we got to the moving van company&apos;s storefront, they tried to charge us an extra $120 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for taking it to the wrong storefront address.
	This was the address that we&apos;d been told to deliver it to though! In fact, we went out of our way to deliver it here when it would have been much more convenient to drop it in Springfield because we were done with it at that point.
	My mother justifiably doesn&apos;t trust companies to follow through, so my mother had a printed copy of the order on hand and we were able to get the mess cleared up right away.
</p>
<p>
	We stopped at a grocery store on the way to Vivian&apos;s place, and on the way out, someone had a couple petitions to sign.
	One of them was to give voters privacy.
	As the system currently stands, anyone can buy the names and contact information of any registered voter.
	Your choices are either to have your information sold or give up your right to vote by not registering.
	That&apos;s not exactly a fair choice.
	The second petition was a bit more difficult for me to understand in my exhausted state.
	From what I could tell, there&apos;s some law that allows the government to levy &quot;emergency&quot; taxes; this is only supposed to be used in times of crisis, and bypasses the normal channels in which people can vote against taxes that they don&apos;t like.
	However, it seems that these emergency tax laws are being used even when there&apos;s no emergency as a way to simply force the tax&apos;s approval despite the wishes of the public.
	I think that the second petition is to try to put an end to that.
</p>
<p>
	Once at Vivian&apos;s apartment, we learned a bit more about Vivian&apos;s condition.
	Apparently, their liver isn&apos;t producing a vital amino acid.
	Without that amino acid, they can&apos;t process vitamin B12.
	When I don&apos;t get enough B12, I get a headache, and Vivian&apos;s essentially been getting little, if any, as any that they eat doesn&apos;t get processed.
	However, the B12 deficiency isn&apos;t the only problem.
	Vivian&apos;s skull plates move strangely, also contributing to the problem.
	When enough head problems compound, it triggers one of Vivian&apos;s migraines.
	By correcting the B12-processing issue, the migraines are gone.
	The best case scenario with this supplement that they&apos;re taking is that it could jump-start the liver into producing the amino acid that it&apos;s supposed to and the supplement won&apos;t be needed forever, but even if that doesn&apos;t work, continued use of the supplement isn&apos;t a steep price for being migraine-free.
</p>
<p>
	Vivian also explained about the spiders that live in the apartment with them.
	They&apos;ve classified them into two verities: &quot;rogue spiders&quot; and &quot;resident spiders&quot;.
	The rogue spiders somewhat roam the apartment and Vivian doesn&apos;t like them; they get in Vivian&apos;s way.
	When Vivian manages to capture one, they take it outside and release it.
	On the other hand, resident spiders stay fairly stationary, inhabiting various nooks and crannies.
	They&apos;re too difficult to remove from the apartment, but they also aren&apos;t bothering anyone.
</p>
<p>
	It turns out that Vivian bought food in anticipation of our arrival and bought vegan equivalents for me of everything that they bought the rest of the family!
	That was a nice surprise.
	Being short on time so I&apos;ve been unable to get to the store and buy precooked foods, and with my mother acting strangely about anything that I cook from the raw ingredients that we already had, I&apos;ve not been eating well at all.
	It sounds like over the next few days, I will be able to recharge a bit.
	However, we also crashed at their place unexpectedly.
	Our plan had been to head back to Springfield tonight and bring Vanessa back with us tomorrow.
	I didn&apos;t exactly bring my laptop, as I feared that my mother would get strange about it.
	Lesson learned, I need to take that thing everywhere, even on day trips.
	Cyrus and our mother will head back to Springfield tomorrow to pick up Vanessa, but I&apos;ll be staying here in Gresham with Vivian.
	Vivian invited me to go see where they volunteer.
	I really do want to go see it, but I also feel trapped when I&apos;m away from my laptop unable to write my journal entries.
	Not going with Vivian seems rude though, so I&apos;ll just have to lose access to my laptop until we head back to the old house in a few days.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

