<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Mallibrejo &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Mallibrejo</h1>
			<p>Day 00487: Wednesday, 2016 July 06</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I learned a new Esperanto word today, one that I found quite amusing: &quot;mallibrejo&quot;.
	It means &quot;jail&quot;.
	If you break the word up into it&apos;s components, it&apos;s fantastically blunt about what a jail is though.
	&quot;mal-&quot; inverts the meaning of the rest of the following component, &quot;libr-&quot; means &quot;free&quot;, &quot;-ej-&quot; denotes that the word means a place that has the earlier part of the word in it, and &quot;-o&quot; makes the whole word a noun.
	If you put that together, you see that while the word loosely translates to &quot;jail&quot;, it strictly translates to something more like &quot;place of the unfree&quot;! Jail is the not-free place!
</p>
<p>
	Alyssa, Cyrus, Vanessa, and I took the electric train over to go meet a couple of people where Alyssa volunteers before they headed home, then we went over to Alyssa&apos;s school by bus to go see the giant magnets that Alyssa works with.
	Between the two magnet rooms is a room with a mass spectrometer, so we took a look at that as well.
	The equipment was interesting, I suppose, but without knowing mush about it, I couldn&apos;t really be impressed or unimpressed with them.
	We also made a stop in Alyssa&apos;s lab so Alyssa could make sure that the chemical mixture that they were working on hadn&apos;t exploded.
	It shouldn&apos;t explode, but they wanted to be sure.
	Someone working in the same lab as Alyssa showed us a couple of bottles of scented liquid.
	The first contained <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Pelargonium_graveolens#Chemical_constituents_of_geranium_oil">geranium oil</a>, an oil that makes up most of the scent of roses.
	Indeed, when we smelled it, it did smell unmistakably like roses, though slightly off.
	I imagine that rose scent has something else components that complete the smell.
	The second one was something that the scientist seemed less sure of.
	I forget what they said it was called, but it smelled like red licorice.
	When I asked what it was used for, they said that they thought it might be for flavoring red licorice; an artificial flavor, I&apos;m guessing.
	With our errand at the lab complete, we took the bus back to the office of the Friends of Seasonal &amp; Service Workers.
</p>
<p>
	Last time that I went there to volunteer, I didn&apos;t end up getting an orientation, but this time, Cyrus, Vanessa, and I all did.
	Basically, the orientation was just someone reading several pages to us in a monotone voice.
	It dragged on and on, and I couldn&apos;t keep my mind on what was being said.
	It really wasn&apos;t worth the time put into it.
	Here&apos;s a word of advice: if you&apos;re going to read something aloud to someone, at least make it interesting.
	Otherwise, your message won&apos;t get through.
	With the orientation done, we headed upstairs to work on preparing newspapers and updating the &quot;database&quot; again.
	The plan had been for Cyrus and Vanessa to go home when we switched activities, but our mother started messaging Cyrus and acting strange, so I ended up following them home.
	I had been going to stay and have dinner then work on telemarketing with the group, but I can&apos;t say that I was too upset to get out of that.
	Perhaps on some level, I just wanted to get out of picking up a telephone.
	THe three of us took the train back to Alyssa&apos;s apartment.
	The trains are pretty crowded during rush hour! There weren&apos;t any open seats, so over half of the people on the train had to stand, including us Even with the frequent stopping, the train was much quicker than the highway, as there wasn&apos;t any traffic to deal with.
	Our mother always seems to think that taking the train is a bad idea, saying that taking your own vehicle is faster, but that couldn&apos;t be further from the truth, at least when the streets are packed with cars.
</p>
<p>
	My mother doesn&apos;t think that their interview today went very well, so they probably won&apos;t get the job.
	That&apos;s too bad.
	To make things worse, it seems that our former landlords are being a pain as well.
	For one thing, they claim that the house is dirty, despite the fact that we made sure to clean it very well.
	The last hour or so of our stay there, we finished up the cleaning and scrubbing, and we&apos;d been cleaning as we packed as well.
	Furthermore, the second-hand store that came to pick up the stuff we left on the side yard didn&apos;t actually take everything like they said that they would.
	Because of this, the landlords are upset.
	They&apos;re claiming that we still haven&apos;t vacated the property.
	It seems likely that they&apos;re just trying to charge us another month&apos;s rent.
	My mother contacted a former coworker for a favor though, so the former coworker is going to haul the remaining junk off for us.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that the amount of missing software on my computer is worst than I&apos;d taken into account.
	At the very least, I need to install the <a href="apt:geany-plugin-spellcheck">Geany spell check plugin</a>, <a href="apt:keepassx">KeePassX</a>, the <a href="apt:php5-gnupg"><abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> plugin for <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr></a>, <a href="apt:php5-cli">command line <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr></a>, and <a href="apt:git">Git</a>.
	Vanessa, Cyrus, our mother, and I walked down to a local restaurant to use their Wi-Fi connection, but Vanessa, Cyrus, and I couldn&apos;t connect properly (our mother wasn&apos;t there for the Wi-Fi, only the walk).
	I&apos;ll need to do something though, as I&apos;m only going to fall further behind if I can&apos;t write my journal entries.
</p>
<p>
	A bit later, our mother, Vanessa, Cyrus, and I went out for nonvegan frozen treats.
	I didn&apos;t want any, but I chose a similar vegan product so that my mother would think that I was included.
	I don&apos;t care if I&apos;m included or not, but my mother seems to take choosing not to be included as a personal insult for some reason.
	Sometimes, people just want to do something else and there&apos;s nothing wrong with that.
	When we got back, our mother said that they were going out to clean their van, so Vanessa, Cyrus, and I came out to help with that.
	It sure was a mess in there.
	Our mother typically keeps a well-stocked van, full of whatever items that they think might come in handy.
	Frequent and hurried loading and unloading of the van had put everything in disarray though.
	We got everything out of the van, but it seems that we&apos;ll be sorting it later.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

