<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Council Crest &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Council Crest</h1>
			<p>Day 00488: <time>Thursday, 2016 July 07</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been unable to work on my weblog for a while, being too busy because of the impending and now past move.
	I made sure to take good notes to construct my journal entries from later, though without my software, I wasn&apos;t making any progress now that I have time.
	However, I&apos;ve decided to just do my best without the software.
	It&apos;s occurred to me that we&apos;ll be in Gresham indefinitely, so it very well could be that I won&apos;t have the software for a great while, as I might not be able to get the Internet access needed to download it.
	My mother wants to hide the fact that we&apos;re back in the Springfield house from our father, and the best way to hide that is to not even have a presence there to notice.
	We&apos;re staying with Vivian right now in their apartment, which has got to suck for Vivian.
	House guests, like garbage, stink after three days.
</p>
<p>
	Our former landlords are still threatening to charge us for an extra month of rent.
	However, my mother has a plan.
	Apparently, in our rental contract, it says that we can&apos;t report ourselves as renters to the <abbr title="Internal Revenue Service">IRS</abbr> when we file our taxes.
	Of course, we&apos;re not the ones making money from our renting, the landlords are, so we wouldn&apos;t get in trouble for not reporting.
	However, this suggests that the landlords are trying to evade having this added income taxed.
	My mother plans to threatened to report them for tax evasion if they keep this madness up.
	My mother continued that they might report the landlords anyway, though it sounded like it was because the landlords are likely to continue being problematic, so it might still be just carrying through on the threat only.
</p>
<p>
	My mother wanted to go out to do something instead of looking for a job.
	I think that they&apos;re a bit burnt out from work.
	They do deserve a break.
	In any case, we all went to go see a hill with strange acoustic properties.
	You can whisper on one side of a circle and hear it clearly from the other.
	At least, supposedly.
	The acoustics there are indeed strange, but I think that they&apos;re a bit exaggerated.
	There was an unexplainable echo when speaking at the center, and whispering could be heard clearly from further away than normal, but true whispering (not stage whispering) couldn&apos;t be heard at the far end from the speaker.
	I expected the area to be surrounded by hills or mountains before we got there, and that the acoustic properties were the result of an echo, but instead, Council Crest is just a hilltop.
	There&apos;s no apparent reason for sound not to disperse.
	Next, we went to Powell&apos;s City of Books, a four-story book store in downtown Portland.
	It didn&apos;t hold any interest for me personally, as most (if not all) of the books were ostensibly proprietary, but Vanessa, Cyrus, and our mother seemed to have fun.
</p>
<p>
	My mother wanted me to install their proprietary game on my laptop so they could play it, so I said that I wouldn&apos;t be able to install the game without first installing some <a href="apt:wine">software</a> from the Internet to make it run, so my mother said that they&apos;d find me an Internet connection so that we could make that happen.
	I&apos;m not sure if this was serious or only said in jest.
	My point had been that because I have no Internet connection, I can&apos;t run their software, but I suppose that I can make this work.
	I can set up a separate user account for my mother, quarantining everything that they do to their home directory instead of mine, then install the game.
	It&apos;s not ideal to have proprietary software on my computer, but it might show them that a non-Windows computer can still do what they want done.
	It also sounds like the game that they want is a Mahjongg variant, so I can install a Linux Mahjongg game from the Debian repository as well, in case the proprietary game won&apos;t run.
</p>
<p>
	As it turns out, &quot;Jeffery&quot;, the &quot;stray&quot; cat is actually Ozzy, the outdoor cat.
	Cyrus ran into the cat&apos;s owner, who corrected Cyrus&apos; use of the wrong name.
	Having an owner explains why Ozzy&apos;s as plump as it is.
	It&apos;s not overweight by any means, but stray cats tend to be a bit thinner.
	I can&apos;t fault Vivian for thinking the cat was a stray though.
	First, Vivian don&apos;t spend much time at the apartment, so wouldn&apos;t have been as likely to run into the cat&apos;s owner.
	But also, Ozzy appears to have a clipped ear.
	There are people that round up strays, spay/neuter them, then clip one ear of each cat to mark the cat as having already been sterilized.
	Most likely, Ozzy was a stray at some point in its life.
</p>
<p>
	I took a walk around the apartments looking for open Wi-Fi access points, and I thought that I&apos;d found one called &quot;eyes300&quot;.
	Eyes300 wouldn&apos;t actually allow me to connect though.
	Another Wi-Fi point seemed to work with no issues though: ALCATEL ONETOUCH Elevate.
	Based on the name, I&apos;m guessing that someone had turned their <a href="https://3g2upl4pq6kufc4m.onion/?q=ALCATEL+ONETOUCH+Elevate&amp;ia=web">mobile device</a> into a hotspot and had thankfully left its access point unlocked.
	I was able to install most of the software that I needed, though I forgot that I needed the <a href="apt:pinentry-qt">Qt interface for Pinentry</a>, so that would have to wait for another day.
	I downloaded about half of the software that I needed for my mother before my battery power got too low, including a free Mahjongg game.
	I figured that if their proprietary Mahjongg-like game wouldn&apos;t run on Debian, this would be a good fallback.
	My real hope was that it <strong>*would*</strong> run but that my mother would like the free game better.
	As it turns out though, their proprietary game is a bit too different to be replaced in their eyes.
	Oh well, I tried.
	I tried to go back out once my laptop battery was charged to finish up the download and installation, but my mother gets a bit freaky about going out at night and wanted me to stay inside.
	That Wi-Fi access point just screams &quot;mobile&quot; though, so it very well may be gone tomorrow.
	If that&apos;s the case, they&apos;ve cost themself access to their game for mow.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

