<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>The most horrid type of second-hand store &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The most horrid type of second-hand store</h1>
			<p>Day 00489: Friday, 2016 July 08</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Myuu has just released a <a href="https://myuu.bandcamp.com/album/ballad-collection">new album</a>, though at the moment, I&apos;m in no position to take a good look at it.
	Once we have an Internet connection at home and I have time, I&apos;ll look into this probably-beautiful album from a talented piano player.
</p>
<p>
	ALCATEL ONETOUCH Elevate was still up this morning, so I connected and installed the <a href="apt:pinentry-qt4">Pinentry interface</a> that I needed along with the rest of the software for my mother.
	My website compilation script was silently creating blank signatures though, so I poked around in <a href="file:///home/yst/.gnupg/gpg-agent.conf"><abbr title="GNU Privacy Guard">GnuPG</abbr>&apos;s gonfiguration file</a>.
	I ended up fixing it by changing the line &quot;pinentry-program /usr/bin/pinentry-qt&quot; to &quot;pinentry-program /usr/bin/pinentry-qt4&quot;.
	However, pinentry is not blocking password pasting! What a pain.
	In addition to the software that I thought that I needed yesterday, I also forgot that I need <a href="apt:socat">socat</a> for use with <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr>; I use it to help get <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> to use <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> as a proxy.
</p>
<p>
	While I was out dumping trash, I noticed a grease bin for vegetable oil recycling.
	From the looks of it, that oil is given to the the company running the buses in the area.
	I think that the buses are running on biodiesel!
</p>
<p>
	My mother received confirmation that they didn&apos;t get the job from the other day&apos;s interview, so we headed over to their sibling&apos;s place to borrow their computer and look for a job.
	My mother quickly got another interview lined up in Gladstone, though this interview is a bit different than most.
	A small group of competing interviewees will be interviewed together in a group.
	I haven&apos;t heard of interviews like these before.
	I checked in on <a href="apt:minetest">Minetest</a> while we were there, and it seems that they&apos;ve fixed the <abbr title="trinitrotoluene">TNT</abbr> issue.
	It used to be that <abbr title="trinitrotoluene">TNT</abbr> explosions would ignore the node protection <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr>, making <abbr title="trinitrotoluene">TNT</abbr> an unstoppable tool of destruction.
	When I reported the problem before, they insisted that it was a feature, not a bug, but it looks like someone has managed to convince them otherwise.
	Maybe there&apos;s hope for Minetest&apos;s default subgame after all.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother took Cyrus, Vanessa, and I to an awful second hand store that they love.
	The deal with this place is that they charge you not by the item, but by the total weight of your purchases.
	This is all fine and dandy, but they also charge a higher price per pound if you are buying less than twenty-five pounds of their junk.
	Every time that we visit one of these stores, we end up stuck in there for over an hour while our mother sifts through everything trying to hit that twenty-five pound mark.
	In the process, we end up with far more junk than we actually need, too.
	I hate this kind of manipulative sales tactic on the store&apos;s part.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother has been a bit unreasonable lately.
	They&apos;re angry that Cyrus is going with Vanessa to see our father.
	Of course Cyrus is going to want to see our father! What child wouldn&apos;t? It also turns out our mother laughed at Vivian when Vivian asked our mother to turn off their mobile game sound so Vivian could sleep.
	Our mother then waited about two minutes before actually turning it off.
	We are guests in Vivian&apos;s home, our mother has been sleeping in Vivian&apos;s bedroom with them, and our mother is needlessly making it difficult for Vivian to sleep.
	This isn&apos;t acceptable.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

