<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother&apos;s underhanded plot to pry Cyrus away from our father has actually succeeded ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother&apos;s underhanded plot to pry Cyrus away from our father has actually succeeded ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00490: <time>Saturday, 2016 July 09</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	When we were leaving Coos Bay, Cyrus said that they had cleaned out all of the cupboards of the house that we were renting.
	However, it turns out that all of our cups and plates are still in there.
	The landlords are angry, and sent us a photograph showing our dishes in the cupboard.
	They say that we&apos;ve not fully moved out yet, and want us to get our stuff out of there.
</p>
<p>
	All the way to Coos bay, our mother antagonized Cyrus, as if they&apos;d left the dishes just to spite our mother.
	Our mother kept claiming that Cyrus loves our father more than our mother, and even threatened to leave Cyrus in Springfield with our father on the way back from Coos Bay.
	Of course, our mother didn&apos;t leave Cyrus in Springfield on the way <strong>*to*</strong> Coos Bay, claiming that if we had to make that long trip, Cyrus would have to make that long trip as well.
	Assuming that that was the actual reason for not dropping Cyrus off on our way through Springfield the first time, all that is is vindictive! However, I strongly suspect that our mother had an even more vindictive reason all along.
	Not dropping Cyrus off right away gave my mother more time to tear away at Cyrus, continually hinting (but making sure never to directly say) that Cyrus could stay with us if Cyrus agreed never to see our father again.
	Our mother has been angry that Cyrus still won&apos;t choose one parent over the other and has been searching for any excuse that they could to force Cyrus to &quot;pick a side&quot;.
	Eventually, Cyrus caved under the implied demands today and gave into our mother&apos;s noxious desires.
	Cyrus has agreed to see our father for one more week, which is half of Vanessa&apos;s upcoming visitation period with our father, then leave our father forever.
	Cyrus said that they&apos;ll use that week to pester the Boy Scout office and try to fix the paperwork issues that they&apos;ve been having.
</p>
<p>
	On the way to Springfield, we stopped at Taco Bell for breakfast.
	Filling our order took a lot longer than usual, but Taco Bell gave us gratis drinks as a token of apology for the extended wait time.
	As it turned out, they had just finished filling a seventy-two-taco order, so they were scrambling, trying to catch up with all of the other orders! The wait time wasn&apos;t too bothersome to me, but it would be nice if they could have at least filled our order correctly.
	I ended up with the wrong burritos, though thankfully, at least these burritos were vegan.
</p>
<p>
	We made it back to Coos Bay house, boxed up our dishes, and headed out to the Coos Bay storage unit while we were already in town.
	At the storage unit, we loaded as much as we could into the van, then headed back to Springfield.
	Unfortunately, while we were at the storage unit, I propped a tray that attaches to the trailer hitch on the side of the van, resulting in the side of the van getting scratched.
	Great ...
	It would be bad enough to scratch the van normally, but while my mother&apos;s already angry? I need to be more careful.
	With the van full, we took the load to Springfield, unloaded it, and rested in the Springfield house for the night.
</p>
<p>
	My mobile device is still having <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card issues.
	Music is the thing that I use my mobile device for the most! Without a working <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card slot, what good is the device? I&apos;m starting to detest this loathsome thing.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

