<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>Nerdy.FM Sessions (Live) &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Nerdy.FM Sessions (Live)</h1>
			<p>Day 00492: Monday, 2016 July 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Apparently, our mother claims that Vivian hasn&apos;t scrubbed the kitchen sink since we arrived.
	However, Vivian says that they&apos;d been scrubbing the sink daily until the day that it clogged.
	This is much more believable, seeing as I&apos;ve actually seen Vivian scrub the sink at least twice.
	Our mother likes to make assumptions and then not even check them before deciding that they must be true.
</p>
<p>
	My mobile&apos;s been having trouble reading my <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card.
	Once I finally got it to read the thing at all, it wouldn&apos;t read all the music on it, only a few albums of it.
	I moved the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card to <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml"><code>//newdawn.local.</code></a> to see what was going on, and it seems that the stupid <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> file system has gotten corrupted! Almost all of my music has been lost, though at least most of it appears to be in <code>LOST.DIR</code>.
	Strangely, after that <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> corruption incident, my mobile no longer has a problem reading Ext4-formatted <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards.
	I&apos;ve formatted the corrupted <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card with that file system, and I can go back to the setup that I had before.
	I swear, my mobile is quite moody.
	I mentioned that my mobile had mysteriously started working to my mother and that I thought it&apos;d been acting up for about a month.
	They said something about &quot;damn computers&quot;, which I found strange.
	They often have computer issues and the language wasn&apos;t out of character, but this is the first time that I can remember my mother actually admitting that these things are computers.
	Previously, they wanted to fight to the death that the were not computers that could perform telephony, but telephones that could perform computer tasks.
</p>
<p>
	With much reluctance, I walked to the Department of Motor Vehicles with Vanessa and Cyrus.
	We waited in the lobby until they called our number, then I went up to the front desk.
	Apparently, I was supposed to fill out some paperwork before I got to the front desk, but I didn&apos;t even know that I needed any paperwork, let alone know which paperwork I needed.
	Thankfully, the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> employee just filled out the paperwork for me.
	Next, they had me take a computerized test.
	The computer didn&apos;t even allow me to finish the test, strangely enough.
	There were a set number of answers that I was allowed to get wrong, so once I got to the point where it was impossible to fail, it wouldn&apos;t show me the rest of the questions.
	I went back up to the front desk, and they punched a hole in my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card to void it, issued me a temporary <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card, and told me that my more permanent <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card would arrive in Springfield in five business days.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, Vanessa and I stopped at 7-ELEVEn, a continence store because we noticed that they were giving out gratis slushies today.
	If I recall, they do this every year on July seven, due to the date looking similar to their company name.
	Funny story though, their name is actually <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/7-Eleven#Etymologies">based on their old business hours</a>.
</p>
<p>
	My mother said that their interview was interesting.
	They got to hear the way that other job candidates answered the questions, allowing my mother to learn from the good answers.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus and our mother contacted the Boy Scout office today to finish fixing up the botched paperwork.
	It seems that the scoutmaster failed to reregister Cyrus as a Boy Scout this year! It turns out that the problem was conveyed to Cyrus quite a while back, but due to extreme stress caused by the combination of school, Boy Scouts, and our mother, Cyrus misunderstood.
	Our mother is too hard on Cyrus.
	Our mother isn&apos;t doing this for Cyrus, but to be able to say that they spawned an Eagle Scout.
	If our mother would chill out a bit, the likelihood of actually sucessfully getting Cyrus to graduate the Boy Scout program would improve drastically.
</p>
<p>
	To try to recuperate from our recent panic-filled departure from the Coos Bay house, I&apos;ve been playing a lot of <a href="apt:hex-a-hop">Hex-a-hop</a>.
	After hitting 75% &quot;completion&quot; status, a new feature unlocked and I found that I&apos;m actually nowhere near 75% completion.
	All this time, Hex-a-hop has been keeping track of how efficiently I&apos;ve solved the puzzles.
	The newly-unlocked feature allows me to see both my own best scores and the target scores, so I&apos;ll be redoing a lot of levels.
	Strangely though, there are some levels in which I&apos;ve surpassed the target score, though the target score seems to theoretically be the best score possible.
	My best guess is that the developer didn&apos;t notice certain solutions and I solved some puzzles using solutions more efficient than the canonical solutions.
</p>
<p>
	Marc With a C just released a new album: <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/nerdy-fm-sessions-live">Nerdy.FM Sessions (Live)</a>! Unfortunately, this album&apos;s only available for one week, then it disappears.
	As I&apos;m currently working offline and my server is down, by the time you read this, it&apos;ll be too late to buy a copy.
	It is under the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/"><abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported">CC BY 3.0</abbr> license</a> though, so if you ask me for a copy, I&apos;ll probably give it to you.
	Bandcamp was trying to charge me <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> again, which was complicated by the fact that there&apos;s no Internet connection in the apartment and no power source near the local Wi-Fi hotspot.
	I tried to make the purchase on my laptop through the neighbor&apos;s Wi-Fi hotspot, but this weird old lady is unknowingly guarding the hotspot against me, saying that I should go hang out at my own apartment.
	I could try to tell them off, as I have just as much right to be on the sidewalk as anyone else, but if this escalates, it could mean trouble for Vivian.
	Back at Vivian&apos;s apartment, I managed to get Bandcamp to give me the correct price, but then PayPal wouldn&apos;t process my payment through the mobile.
	Eventually, I tried setting Orbot to only use exit nodes in the United States, at which point PayPal finally cooperated.
	Purchases via mobile are a pain and PayPal is a pain.
	Together, they&apos;re a bad combination.
	I went back to the Wi-Fi hotspot, now unguarded, to download the album, but my laptop doesn&apos;t hold enough of a charge to get the full album, so I wasn&apos;t able to download it directly from the laptop.
	For now, I&apos;ve downloaded it using the mobile, but I&apos;ll need to redownload it once using the laptop once my home environment is more stable.
	The mobile doesn&apos;t use the suggested file names sent by the server, likely because of the strange way that the mobile Web browser handles downloads.
	The mobile Web browser passes of the job of downloading files to the download manager application, but the download manager application seems to have no regard for <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> headers, so the suggested file name is just discarded.
	My evil carrier probably won&apos;t like the spike in usage caused by this large download, but my normal usage is far below what they expect me to use.
	Come to think of it, they might not even notice the spike, as I still haven&apos;t gone over my high-speed data transfer limit.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that we&apos;re planning to still be in Vivian&apos;s apartment when Cyrus gets back in a week, but also when Vanessa gets back in two weeks.
	Why are we here? Why did we stay over at Vivian&apos;s place at all? More than that though, why are we <strong>*still*</strong> here? Our mother said that this was to be the <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml">&quot;summer of purging&quot;</a>, but we can&apos;t sort and purge from here; we need to be in the old house.
	We were supposed to each sort one box per day, but there&apos;s nothing to sort here in Gresham.
	We are completely unproductive in this city.
	We need to get back to Springfield before we can make any progress in any direction whatsoever.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

