<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Hex-a-hop high scores &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Hex-a-hop high scores</h1>
			<p>Day 00495: <time>Thursday, 2016 July 14</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today was mostly a day of sorting.
	I sorted a box of stoneware (ew) and towels.
	I&apos;ve never been a fan of porous food-preparation items, such as stoneware and cast iron pots.
	They seem unsanitary to me.
	I found a large box of kitchen utensils, but I&apos;m not touching that box for now.
	There&apos;s no place to put the utensils.
	I sorted several containers of bullet shells that we&apos;ve got, separating reloadable shells that can be sold as usable from scrap shells that will instead be sold to be melted down.
	My largest project of the day though was cleaning out the closet, removing everything so that we could store boxes of things that we know that we want to keep there.
	I told my mother about my plan to store boxes there, but then later, when I brought it up again, they acted like it was a novel idea and that they hadn&apos;t already been told about it.
	They liked the idea though, especially the second time, so now we have at least a place to store one group of boxes.
</p>
<p>
	My mother  is dealing with stupid Verizon about data usage.
	Apparently, Virizon didn&apos;t send the data-usage warnings that they&apos;re supposed to, so now, but mother&apos;s almost hit their usage limits and is about to deal with overage charges.
	This wouldn&apos;t be a problem if my mother was using a better service provicer with no overage fees or data caps.
	They could be getting better service and it would be less expensive than the service that they&apos;re paying for now.
</p>
<p>
	I found an interesting website for <a href="apt:hex-a-hop">Hex-a-hop</a> players today.
	You can upload your save file and it will tell you which levels you&apos;ve obtained the <a href="http://www.freesfonline.de./hexahop/hexahop.htm">best known-reachable scores</a> in! It seems that the developer missed a lot of very good solutions when they set the target scores, so this tool allows one to know how close they are to really being on top.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

