<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother thinks that *I&apos;m* the judgmental one! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother thinks that <strong>*I&apos;m*</strong> the judgmental one!</h1>
			<p>Day 00496: Friday, 2016 July 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Mostly, I spent the day shuffling boxes.
	I found a spot in the main box room to stack books and only books and moved several boxes of things that I know that we&apos;re likely keeping into the closet that I cleared out yesterday.
	I also washed the long-forgotten dishes left in the sink from before we moved to Coos Bay.
	Or dishwasher had been broken for ages and I couldn&apos;t keep up with hand washing them all on top of everything else.
	They&apos;d gotten pretty disgusting by now though, they&apos;ve been there for almost a year.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, I invited my mother to accompany on a walk to the credit union.
	I&apos;m short on cash and my mother&apos;s been needing breaks to stretch their legs between tasks, so it seemed like a good idea at the time.
	We ended up putting it off though, so we were going to go today.
	However, my mother decided that they wanted to drive to a forest and walk there today, which was fine, and wanted to change our plans.
	They said that we could drive to the credit union, run my errand, then drive to the forest.
	I said that I was perfectly fine with this, aside from the driving to the credit union part.
	I&apos;d run my errand another day.
	After all, my mother loves blaming <strong>*me*</strong> for their <strong>*own*</strong> carbon footprint, so I try to make sure that my errands have nothing to do with trips by car, even if those trips were going to happen with or without my errands.
	I dont&apos; need to give them anything close to something that looks like an excuse to pass off their own problems to me.
	That caused my mother to get into another one of their moods, and they called <strong>*me*</strong> judgmental! My mother constantly berates me for my way of doing things, but I don&apos;t care how mother wants to do things as long as I don&apos;t have to follow suit.
	My mother also says I&apos;m unrealistic.
	I won&apos;t argue against that, but I did argue against being &quot;judgmental&quot; until my mother stopped calling me that.
	It&apos;s highly unrealistic for mother to think that everyone should have the same opinion as them though.
	After our argument, my mother practically stormed out, so while they went on their drive/walk, I went on my errand/walk.
</p>
<p>
	When my mother got back, they seemed to have calmed down a bit, and enlisted my help in installing a lock on the door between our garage and my father&apos;s garage so that my father can&apos;t get into our house.
	Does my father ever come into our house? I highly doubt it.
	That said, I highly value paranoia; it keeps us safe.
	If my mother thinks that there&apos;s a potential threat, we should defend ourselves from it.
</p>
<p>
	I started a started Spanish course online, but I might not be very active in it until I finish my Esperanto course.
	Esperanto is my highest priority when it comes to learning a spoken/written language (as opposed to a programming language or markup language).
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

