<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>I can tether now! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I can tether now!</h1>
			<p>Day 00497: <time>Saturday, 2016 July 16</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent much of the day going through my email and cleaning out my inbox so I can actually see incoming emails instead of them just getting buried upon arrival.
	I didn&apos;t process all my email messages though.
	Most notably, I still haven&apos;t had time to process my political email, so I&apos;ve just removed it from the inbox so it&apos;s no longer in the way.
	I need to set up better email filters.
	<a href="https://www.joshwoodward.com./">Josh Woodward</a> still hasn&apos;t responded to my question of the availability of <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files to Patreon supporters.
	We were promised <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files, but Josh never sent them, so I&apos;ve now sent a tweet to Josh asking about them.
	I&apos;ve also reset the password on the Kik account that was registered using my email address, though I haven&apos;t added that account to my hall of shame yet.
	I&apos;ll do that as time allows.
	One of the tax preparation services that I tried to use sent me a survey asking why I didn&apos;t make use of their service, so I filled it out hoping to get the message to them that demanding a telephone number is a bad idea.
	Hopefully this will get the message across:
</p>
<blockquote><p>
	7.
	According to our records, you registered for a Login this year but did not use Jackson Hewitt Online to do your  taxes.
	Why didn’t you use Jackson Hewitt Online to do your taxes this year?  (Please be as specific as possible.)
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	I did not use Jackson Hewitt Online to file taxes because your website wouldn&apos;t allow me to submit my tax form without entering a telephone number.
	I don&apos;t have telephone service and even people without telephone service need to file taxes.
	It irritates me to no end when companies such as yours demand that clients enter a telephone number.
	Please understand that telephone service isn&apos;t as universal as you&apos;d like it to be.
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	8.
	Which one of the following phrases best describes why you decided NOT to use Jackson Hewitt Online to do your taxes this year ? (If you had more than one, please select the reason that was most important to you.) (Please select one answer.)
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	Other (please specify)
</p><p>
	Jackson Hewitt Online demanded that I enter a telephone number, but I don&apos;t have one.
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	9.
	Comparing Jackson Hewitt Online with the tax preparation service or method you used this year, what, if anything, was lacking or missing that made you decide not to use Jackson Hewitt Online? (Please be as specific as possible.)
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	The tax service that I used asked politely for a telephone number, but did not demand it.
	I was able to leave that field blank and submit my taxes.
	I have no need for telephone service, so I have no telephone number.
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	10.
	What did you like most about the way you did your taxes this year? (Please be as specific as possible.)
</p></blockquote>
<blockquote><p>
	What I like best about the service that I used is that it didn&apos;t demand information that doesn&apos;t exist.
</p></blockquote>
<p>
	I got an email about my credit card that never arrived in the mail, signaling that account still exists.
	It&apos;s been over a year since the card was supposed to be canceled and re-issued.
	Their online representatives never would get back to me on anything, it was like the representatives just never read messages from account holders.
	I ended up having to go in-branch to have the card canceled and re-issued, but the representative there was only able to cancel the old card.
	To get the new card issued, they used a Web form to contact ostensibly the same people that I&apos;d tried to contact over the Web.
	Because of that, when the card never arrived, I assumed that the credit card team had just never read the message and never re-issued the card.
	If that card is indeed out there, I have a problem, so I went into the credit union to ask about it.
	They said that they couldn&apos;t see any charges on the card in the past year or so, so it likely isn&apos;t in the hands of a thief, but they canceled the card again and said that they&apos;d send another one.
	This time, it looks like their systems are better integrated and they were able to place the order for the new card themself.
</p>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t sleep at all well, so I didn&apos;t get much done.
	I tried taking a nap, but that only made me more tired.
</p>
<p>
	This lack of Internet access here is nuts.
	We need Internet access, so I tried to set up a home network through my mobile.
	My first thought was to try adding lines to my <a href="file:///etc/network/interfaces">network interfaces file</a>:
</p>
<blockquote>
<pre><code># Try to tether?
allow-hotplug usb0
iface usb0 inet dhcp</code></pre>
</blockquote>
<p>
	The above didn&apos;t work, so I removed it to make sure that it didn&apos;t contaminate solution that I found later:
</p>
<ol start="0">
<li>Put the mobile in airplane mode</li>
<li>Disable orWall</li>
<li>Run <code>sudo ifconfig usb0 up</code> on the laptop&apos;s command line</li>
<li>Run <code>sudo ifconfig usb0 up</code> on the laptop&apos;s command line again</li>
<li>Enable orWall</li>
<li>Turn off airplane mode</li>
</ol>
<p>
	For some reason, tethering won&apos;t start while orWall is active, but it can remain functional once orWall&apos;s been reactivated.
	Airplane mode is used just to prevent data leaking while orWall&apos;s disabled.
	Debian&apos;s wiki page on <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/Android_Tethering">tethering</a> was very helpful in finding a working solution.
	I transfered my mother&apos;s Wi-Fi card from their old desktop machine to their new one, then tried to use my carrier-provided mobile to set up a home network connection.
	That didn&apos;t work out though, because the device is too locked down to allow tethering without being on one of the carrier&apos;s &quot;tethering-capable&quot; plans.
	Sadly, while my Replicant device doesn&apos;t prevent tethering like this, it also doesn&apos;t have Wi-Fi capabilities, so I can&apos;t use it to set up the access point.
</p>
<p>
	I found a better place to stack book-filled boxes than in a corner of the box-filled room just off the entryway.
	Instead, I should be stacking them in our old library/office.
	I&apos;ve started moving boxes full of non-books out of that room to make room for the book boxes.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

