<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>It&apos;s no wonder that I&apos;ve never been able to tether before ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>It&apos;s no wonder that I&apos;ve never been able to tether before ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00498: Sunday, 2016 July 17</p>
		</header>
<p>
	
	As Wi-Fi tethering wasn&apos;t working out, I decided to try something a little more complex.
	The plan was to tether my laptop to the mobile, then invert the laptop&apos;s Wi-Fi flow to have the laptop act as a Wi-Fi hotspot.
	<a href="apt:wicd">Wicd</a> doesn&apos;t offer the option to set up a local access point like Network Manager does, so I installed <a href="apt:network-manager">network-manager</a> and <a href="apt:network-manager-gnome">network-manager-gnome</a>.
	Those couldn&apos;t take control of the Wi-Fi card as long as Wicd was installed though, so I purged Wicd.
	However, Network Manager doesn&apos;t seem to be able to tether to the mobile device correctly.
	This is why I&apos;ve been unable to tether for years!
	I&apos;ve been on Xfce, which uses Network Manager to manage the network interfaces, but now that I&apos;m on <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, I had Wicd instead.
	After a while, I found that Network Manager was both failing to connect to Wi-Fi and failing to tether to the mobile device.
	It would say that it was connected to them, but no actual Internet access was available.
	I ended up having to purge Network Manager and reinstall Wicd.
	Somehow in trying to get everything working, I also managed to bork orWall.
	Now, orWall is failing to initialize iptables durring the device boot sequence.
	I tried reinstalling orWall, but that didn&apos;t fix the issue.
	I also tried to reinstall Replicant, but ClockworkMod can&apos;t read encrypted internal storage or Ext4 external storage, so I wasn&apos;t able to get the reinstallation working.
	I give up for now, I don&apos;t have time to debug more.

</p>
<p>
	
	I tethered my mobile to my mother&apos;s desktop computer so that they could work on their job hunt.
	orWall blocks <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> when enabled, but I can&apos;t leave it disabled or my mobile&apos;s applications will be free to roam the clearnet.
	The only way that I could think of to browse the Web without directly making <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> queries was to use a proxy, so I convinced my mother to allow me to install the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> Browser Bundle on their machine.
	It was easier than I thought to get them to go along with it, but I suppose with no other way to reach the Internet, they had to put their proxy-hating aside.
	I now that my mother has my mobile for tethering, I have no mobile and supposedly no Internet connection, but I do have borrowed Wi-Fi from my father.
	If only my mother wouldn&apos;t be so judgmental, they could use Wi-Fi too and I could have my mobile back.

</p>
<p>
	
	Later in the day, I used <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> and ClockworkMod&apos;s sideload option to reinstall Replicant, though that didn&apos;t fix the issue.
	On <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net.:6697/%23Tor">#Tor</a>, qwerty1 suggested switching from orWall to AFWall+, so I tried that out.
	AFWall+ doesn&apos;t work with Orbot&apos;s transparent proxy though, as both use iptables and interfere with one another.
	I needed a way to block applications that aren&apos;t supposed to access the Internet and force applications that are supposed to access the Internet to do so over <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, so I had to switch to <abbr title="virtual private network">VPN</abbr> mode in Orbot, which isn&apos;t in the F-Droid version of Orbot.
	I set up my device to use the Guardian Project repository, which provides a more recent version of Orbot, but I can&apos;t seem to tether while Orbot&apos;s <abbr title="virtual private network">VPN</abbr> mode is active.
	Furthermore, <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> queries don&apos;t seem to work even with <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> disabled.
	That was the least of my worries though.

</p>
<p>
	
	As it turns out, new Orbot makes use of nonfree images.
	Specifically, the icon and the main interface images are <a href="https://gitweb.torproject.org./orbot.git/tree/README">covered by the Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial 4.0 International License</a>.
	I spoke up about that issue in #Tor, but the user mutantmonkey showed me that this license lines up very well with <a href="https://www.torproject.org./docs/trademark-faq.html.en#onionlogo"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s trademark policy</a>.
	In other words, anyone that can replace the image in the repository isn&apos;t likely to care about the nonfree image.
	The users mylant and qengho also were apposed to my bringing up the nonfree license, but had no actual valid arguments to bring to the table.
	I&apos;ve switched back to using old Orbot from the F-Droid repository, but that has no <abbr title="virtual private network">VPN</abbr> option, so I&apos;m not sure what to do.
	Without Orbot&apos;s <abbr title="virtual private network">VPN</abbr> option, AFWall+ isn&apos;t anything close to an orWall replacement.

</p>
<p>
	
	I finished clearing all of the non-book boxes from the library/office, so I can begin moving every book box that I can find into that room tomorrow.

</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

