<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother finds eating flesh to be disgusting, but does it anyway ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother finds eating flesh to be disgusting, but does it anyway ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00500: <time>Tuesday, 2016 July 19</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I must have been exhausted, because I overslept by two and a half hours.
</p>
<p>
	My mother has an interview scheduled in McMinnville on Thursday.
	If they get the job, we would live in Salem and they would commute to work.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus had forgotten their own deal that they&apos;d be back after one week and I had to remind them when they finally visited today.
	They still didn&apos;t remember until I walked them through the part of the conversation in which they were going to have to find their way back to Gresham without our father dropping them off, as our father wouldn&apos;t be dropping off Vanessa until a week later.
	Cyrus said that they needed to get some things together before coming over, so they didn&apos;t come back to us today.
</p>
<p>
	My mother and I were out, and the Geocache that they wanted to sign was too far up a tree to reach from the ground.
	I climbed up to get it for them, and my mother said that that they haven&apos;t seen me climb a tree in years.
	I retorted that I hadn&apos;t <strong>*felt good*</strong> in years.
	Why would I climb trees if I didn&apos;t feel good? Going vegan has done wonders for my emotional well-being.
	It&apos;s only now that I&apos;ve been vegan for a while that I&apos;m starting to actually enjoy life again.
</p>
<p>
	I found some gelatin-free &quot;gelatin&quot; snacks, so I bought a pack to see if they were any good.
	My mother wanted to try one too, saying that if it tasted the same as gelatin, it would be nice to have a version that wasn&apos;t gross like gelatin.
	Vanessa asked what our mother thought was gross about gelatin, and it turns out that our mother doesn&apos;t like the thought of eating bone goo.
	This confused Vanessa, as our mother eats flesh all the time, and encourages doing so, and eating bone goo isn&apos;t any more gross than eating flesh.
	Apparently though, our mother finds the thought of eating flesh to be disgusting as well, but does it anyway, and even tries to push others to do the same.
	My mother is so bizarre.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

