<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cyrus just won&apos;t accept how vindictive our mother really is. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cyrus just won&apos;t accept how vindictive our mother really is.</h1>
			<p>Day 00503: Friday, 2016 July 22</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Looking online, I couldn&apos;t find a waterproof case for this older model of mobile, at least not one that I am sure is waterproof.
	I found a protective case that looks like it might be, but it doesn&apos;t say for sure.
	It says that it has a built-in screen protector though, and that&apos;s the most important part of the case.
	In trying to order it, PayPal started hassling me again and wouldn&apos;t allow me to finalize the purchase.
	After a bit of experimentation, I found that PayPal wanted the billing address that I&apos;d used recently, even though it&apos;s now incorrect.
	Even though I&apos;d updated my Discover account, PayPal was being stupid about my billing address.
	I swear, PayPal is a pain in the neck.
	The protective case is estimated to arrive between Tuesday, August 2 and Tuesday, August 16.
</p>
<p>
	I started trying to reach out to Cricket to get my account (but not device) unlocked, but I wasn&apos;t able to complete that.
	Instead, my mother wanted me to go yard saling with them.
	By the time that we got home, the Cricket Web support team had been let off duty for the night.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that I won&apos;t have my laptop on Monday or Tuesday.
	I&apos;ll be lending it to my mother to use with a systems thinking course.
	There&apos;s no way that they (or anyone else) are getting my password, so I set up a <a href="http://thegeekstuff.com./2016/03/cryptsetup-lukskey/">new <abbr title="Linux Unified Key Setup">LUKS</abbr> password</a> to decrypt my disk, using the same password as the guest account on my machine that I set up for them as Alyssa&apos;s apartment.
</p>
<p>
	I sorted several boxes, then started sorting files from one box.
	I didn&apos;t finish that box, but I&apos;ll work on it again later.
	Early tomorrow, my mother and I will be headed to Coos Bay to empty the storage units.
</p>
<p>
	I confronted Cyrus again about Cyrus still being with our father.
	Personally, I don&apos;t mind if Cyrus has a relationship with our father, but Cyrus is going to be hit with the backlash from not keeping their word to our mother.
	Cyrus claimed that they thought that mother had said that they could stay.
	Our mother would never say that though.
	They worked very hard to berate Cyrus and tear them down in order to coerce Cyrus into giving up their time with out father, so they&apos;re not going to suddenly say that Cyrus can stay over at our father&apos;s place and hang out some more.
	I walked Cyrus through the situation one more time.
	I was hoping that they&apos;d understand this time, but it turned out that it didn&apos;t matter anyway.
	Our mother confronted Cyrus later in the day about the issue, and has not told Cyrus that our mother is done with Cyrus.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

