<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>I wish that I could be honest with my mother. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I wish that I could be honest with my mother.</h1>
			<p>Day 00504: <time>Saturday, 2016 July 23</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother&apos;s original plan was to empty the storage units in Coos Bay in only two loads.
	I should have known that this was too ambitious.
	We spent the day taking two loads from storage units, but it wasn&apos;t enough.
	There was no time for more loads because of the distance.
	We were able to consolidate the remaining stuff into one storage unit though, so the other unit is now empty.
</p>
<p>
	We stopped at a restaurant while in Coos Bay, where I ordered the same potato-based pasta as I did last time that we ate there.
	The waiter informed me that their potato pasta wasn&apos;t vegan though.
	Additionally, their Italian salad dressing wasn&apos;t vegan.
	I have no way to know for sure which menu items are vegan and not when I go into these types of places and can only make guesses.
	I honestly don&apos;t think that it&apos;d bother the waiters if I asked them about the ingredients, but I think that after a while, it would start to tick off my mother, and it just isn&apos;t worth it.
	I&apos;m more than happy to take into account any information volunteered by the waiters though.
	I ended up ordering spaghetti and a salad instead, with vinegar and oil instead of salad dressing.
	I was surprised to see that the oil and vinegar came in separated containers, but it allowed me to leave off the oil and use just the vinegar.
</p>
<p>
	My mother asked if I&apos;d played the online gamified language-learning system today, so I said that I couldn&apos;t, as our Internet connection had been stolen along with my mobile device.
	My mother said that they&apos;d drive me to somewhere with Wi-Fi so that I wouldn&apos;t lose my practice streak.
	I explained that it was no big deal and not worth the effort, but they insisted.
	I also said that I could walk down to a local Wi-Fi hotspot, but that wasn&apos;t good enough for them.
	It&apos;s not their streak and not their decision! I&apos;ve seen how my mother responds to being told that I don&apos;t want to do anything via car (because I hate the needless burning of fossil fuels), so I didn&apos;t really have a way to get out of this.
	My mother refuses to allow me to have things my way when it doesn&apos;t even concern them, but that doesn&apos;t mean that I&apos;ll let them coerce me into letting them have their way when they employ such coersion when I can help it.
	I had an old account with the language-learning website that I haven&apos;t used in quite a while, so I made a few quick settings changes before we left.
	Once we were within Wi-Fi range, I showed them that my streak had already been reset to zero.
	It was too late.
	I really wish that my mother wasn&apos;t such an over-controlling freak about things.
	I should have been able to tell them that keeping my streak wasn&apos;t worth the price if it involved burning gasoline to do so.
	I should have also been able to tell them that I&apos;ve been using the Wi-Fi connection from next door that they refuse to use themself, so the trip wasn&apos;t even useful to anyone.
	However, if they&apos;re going to try coercing me into taking care of my errands during vehicular trips, I&apos;ll just have to start sabotaging said errand.
	I&apos;ll &quot;forget&quot; my wallet at home when I need to visit the credit union, for example.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

