<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>The PHP team fixed the documentation bug that I reported. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> team fixed the documentation bug that I reported.</h1>
			<p>Day 00506: Monday, 2016 July 25</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I finally had time to check the lost and found again at the grocery store that my device was stolen in.
	It&apos;s still not there, but I knew it wouldn&apos;t be.
	I probably will not check again.
	I know that it has been stolen, and further checking isn&apos;t going to help anything.
</p>
<p>
	I mostly just worked on sorting boxes today.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> team fixed the <a href="https://bugs.php.net./bug.php?id=71424">documentation bug</a> that I reported a while back.
	Their sorce <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> files have been updated, so next time that the documentation webpages are updated from the <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> sources, the <code>\gnupg</code> class should be documented.
</p>
<p>
	My <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card shipped, and my carrier isn&apos;t including that day that it took them to get the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card to the mail as one of the two days that they quoted me.
	They really shouldn&apos;t claim to have it delivered in two days if they aren&apos;t going to follow through with that.
</p>
<p>
	My mother arrived home from their first day of their systems thinking course and reported that they couldn&apos;t log into my machine.
	As it turns out, they didn&apos;t look at the user name/password card that I taped to the machine, so they didn&apos;t see the full stop at the end of the password.
	It seems that my mother was instructed to download and install some proprietary software for tomorrow, and they didn&apos;t actually need the machine today, so it worked out.
	I tried to install the software for them on their user account, but <abbr title="Wine Is Not an Emulator">Wine</abbr> couldn&apos;t run it once installed.
	They&apos;re going to need to find a different computer to run their proprietary software on.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

