<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>They sent me an SGH-i727!? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>They sent me an SGH-i727!?</h1>
			<p>Day 00508: Wednesday, 2016 July 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother scheduled an interview here in Springfield for tomorrow.
	My mother doesn&quot;t want to live near my father though, so if they get the job, we&quot;ll be moving to Eugine.
	Eugine is pretty flat, so it&quot;ll be easy to traverse, it&quot;s nearby, so the climate will be similar to Springfield, and it&quot;s a large enough city to have job opportunities.
</p>
<p>
	My credit card from the credit union arrived in the mail today.
	I only have the line of credit through them for legacy reasons, and tend not to use it, but it&quot;s nice to know that this time, the card is in my hands.
	That way, it didn&quot;t get delivered to someone else by mistake and I won&quot;t be footing someone else&quot;s bill.
	My Cricket <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card arrived in the mail as well.
	Supposedly, I was supposed to sign for it, but no signature was actually required.
</p>
<p>
	My mobile arrived in the mail as well! As I opened the package though, I looked in horror as the AT&amp;T logo slid into view.
	An international device wouldn&quot;t have an AT&amp; logo.
	This wasn&quot;t my GT-i9100! It turns out that it&quot;s an SGH-i727, which, obviously, is an AT&amp;T device.
	Instead of being an international Galaxy S II, it&quot;s a Galaxy S II Skyrocket.
	Clearly, the seller thought that they could pull a fast one and label their product online as a GT-i9100, while sending an inferior product instead.
	Cyrus thinks that there was a shipping mistake, and that someone else must have the device that was meant for me, while I received the device that they had intended to purchase.
	My mother thinks that the seller may have thought that they were sending me a better device than I ordered, potentially as an &quot;upgrade&quot; due to their being out of stock of the device that I had actually paid for.
	The device has 4G compatibility (the GT-I9100 does not), but as it&quot;s AT&amp;T-specific, it probably only gets 2G service on T-Mobile&quot;s towers.
	The seller doesn&quot;t know if I plan to use AT&amp;T towers or T-Mobile towers.
	It&quot;s true that I&quot;m on AT&amp;T towers for now, but in less than two months, I&quot;ll be on the T-Mobile towers.
	That doesn&quot;t even take into account the real issue though.
	This device isn&quot;t supported by Replicant.
	I wrote to the seller, pretending not to be furious, and said that they must have accidentally sent me the wrong product.
</p>
<p>
	The seller wrote back same-day, saying that the factory might have mixed up the order, and that someone else might have my device.
	In other words, they were claiming Cyrus&quot; story, but disclaiming responsibility for the mixup.
	They said that they can&quot;t send the correct device now though, because they&quot;re out of stock of my device, which sounds like the factory might have performed the &quot;upgrade&quot; that my mother suggested had happened.
	The seller said that if I was willing to keep the device, they&quot;d give me a partial refund on it, or I could send it back for a full refund.
	If the device was at least Replicant-compatible, it would still be useful, and there would be a reason to keep it.
	However, having only a partial refund for a device that doesn&quot;t run Replicant means paying for a device that I can&quot;t even use.
	I opted for the refund, and will send it back tomorrow using the shipping label that the seller sent me.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

