<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>Coming out &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Coming out</h1>
			<p>Day 00509: Thursday, 2016 July 28</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother went to their interview today in Springfield, so I used that time to take care of the SGH-i727 that I needed to get returned.
	I was going to take package to the post office, but remembered that there is a post box just outside a much-closer retail/grocery store.
	Vanessa wanted a walk too, so we set out for the post box together.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, Vanessa came out to me as pansexual.
	They don&quot;t want our mother to know because our mother is so judgmental.
	They don&quot;t want our father to know, because our father can&quot;t be trusted to keep secrets.
	However, it seems that Vanessa doesn&quot;t mind anyone else knowing, as our mother is the only one that Vanessa feels is a threat in this regard.
	Anyone else that can&quot;t accept Vanessa can easily be avoided.
</p>
<p>
	After my mother arrived home, they and I took a trip back to Coos Bay and stopped at my mother&quot;s friends house.
	My mother&quot;s friend had held onto some of our belongings for us while we were in a panicky rush to vacate the house as our lease expired, so it was about time that we took those belongings back off their hands.
	We ended up staying at least two hours as my mother and their friend caught up from not having seen one another for about a month.
	We weren&quot;t sure we&quot;d have enough time to empty the storage unit before it closed because of long visit, but we headed to the storage unit to do the best that we could.
	As it turns out, we had plenty of time to spare, and we&quot;ve removed our final load from the unit and have vacated the premises.
</p>
<p>
	My mother has another job interview in Salem in a couple of weeks.
	On an unrelated note, my mother&quot;s considering getting a second mobile device and a second mobile plan.
	They want to remain with Verizon on their main device, despite Verizon&quot;s high prices and overages, citing Verizon&quot;s coverage in the mountains which my mother wants for when hiking.
	The second device would be on a much less expensive unlimited data plan with another carrier.
	My mother&quot;s been playing a mobile game lately that consumes a lot of data transfer, and they&quot;re getting close to hitting their Verizon data transfer limits.
	While I much prefer T-Mobile, Cricket could give my mother most of the coverage that they seek, unlimited data, and lower bills.
	I don&quot;t think that having a second monthly bill is the best option.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

