<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>ADB on Windows &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> on Windows</h1>
			<p>Day 00510: Friday, 2016 July 29</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Cyrus is leaving for Gresham tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I bought another used GT-i9100 today.
	This one&apos;s a bit more expensive than the last one, but hopefully it&apos;ll actually be what it&apos;s advertised to be.
	It&apos;s scheduled to arrive somewhere from August 24 to September 12.
	In the mean time though, my mothe rhas no Internet connection.
	I have three carrier-provided devices, but they&apos;re too locked down to allow tethering, unlike a Replicant device.
	I found an interesting application online though: <a href="https://code.google.com./archive/p/proxoid/">Proxiod</a>.
	It bypasses tethering restrictions by forwarding traffic instead of technically tethering it.
	It only works for <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> traffic, but works in any Web browser that has <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy capabilities.
	It even automatically routes traffic through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> because it obeys the <abbr title="Access Point Name">APN</abbr> <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy settings, which I have set to point traffic at Orbot&apos;s <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy port.
	Proxoid requires $[ADB] to use.
	I already had <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> installed on my machine, but I had to install it on mother&apos;s machine.
</p>
<p>
	<abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> requires Java and my mother didn&apos;t have Java installed, so I went online on my machine to find a download of OpenJDK for my mother&apos;s Windows machine.
	Strangely, there isn&apos;t any official Windows build of OpenJDK! I tried using an <a href="https://github.com/ojdkbuild/ojdkbuild">unofficial build</a>, but that didn&apos;t work out well.
	The <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> installer kept failing.
	A copy of <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> extracted from a ZIP file wouldn&apos;t run.
	I needed a new solution.
	I kept looking for options for quite a while, but I eventually gave up and installed proprietary Java.
	My mother already installs proprietary software all the time and runs a proprietary operating system.
	Their computer is already a lost cause.
	That doesn&apos;t even touch the fact that my mother has in the past claimed that Java is one of the applications that is &quot;required for basic computer use&quot; and should always be installed on a new computer, so they would have installed it themself at some point as well.
</p>
<p>
	It turns out that the Windows Android <abbr title="software development kit">SDK</abbr> does not include <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr>.
	<abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> must be installed using the <abbr title="software development kit">SDK</abbr> manager, but the <abbr title="software development kit">SDK</abbr> manager can&apos;t access the Internet to download <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> until <strong>*after*</strong> <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> is downloaded and installed, as <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> is necessary to connect to the Internet through Proxdroid and we have no other Internet access at our disposal.
	Thankfully, someone on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> gave me a <a href="https://dl.google.com./android/repository/platform-tools_r24-windows.zip">direct <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> for the download</a>.
	Why does Google have to complicate things by hiding the download link so that the only easy way to download things is through their silly <abbr title="software development kit">SDK</abbr> manager? To be clear, I&apos;m not arguing against the <abbr title="software development kit">SDK</abbr> manager&apos;s existence or use, I&apos;m just saying that there should be an obvious way to download things without it.
	For example, <a href="apt:aptitude">Aptitude</a> on Debian is a great package manager ad I use it all the time.
	However, if I were to go directly to the Debian website and look up a package, there&apos;s a download link for ever package on the page about that package.
	Likewise, F-Droid is great in most cases.
	However, when I for some reason can&apos;t connect to the Internet directly on my mobile, F-Droid includes basic Web links to their packages for download without their application manager.
	It doesn&apos;t even require much effort to set up, as all of these package and software managers use basic <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> to retrieve packages anyway.
	The only change that Google would need to make is to show the download <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> to the users on their website.
</p>
<p>
	Having finally gotten <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> running on my mother&apos;s machine, I of course hit another snag.
	It was inevitable, seeing as the blasted machine&apos;s running Windows.
	<abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> doesn&apos;t recognize the device.
	I tried installing a driver that I found online, but that didn&apos;t help.
	I found the user manual online, and it suggested putting the device into a mode in which it&apos;ll send the required driver from the device, as a copy is stored there, to the desktop machine, but that driver didn&apos;t work either.
	I&apos;d love to try rebooting my mother&apos;s machine, but my mother always keeps no less than twenty tabs open in the Web browser along with about seven other applications running, so I can&apos;t reboot without causing my mother to lose all of their open work, which they may or may not actually need.
	I give up for tonight.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

