<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>A convoluted Internet connection setup &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/07-July/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A convoluted Internet connection setup</h1>
			<p>Day 00511: <time>Saturday, 2016 July 30</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Our goal today was to clear off the front porch, but our mother wanted things done in a very specific order.
	As I didn&quot;t know what to do with the items that our mother wanted worked with first, I instead worked on washing dishes inside.
	It was kind of silly though, as there was stuff on the porch that I knew what to do with, and I don&quot;t understand why my mother wanted things dealt with in any particular order as long as the porch got cleared.
</p>
<p>
	Later, my mother and I went to a yard sale, where we found a Windows XP laptop for my mother for $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
	My Debian laptop isn&quot;t meeting my mother&quot;s needs, but maybe this old Windows laptop will.
	We tried to get a Wi-Fi card for the laptop, as it lacked one, but the computer recycling center was sold out.
	They&quot;ve already ordered more, but the Wi-Fi cards won&quot;t be in until somewhere from the fifth of the month through the twenty-first.
	While we were at the recycling center, I picked up a couple cords that should allow me to connect a computer to a television to use as a monitor.
	I plan to set up a machine to use as a gaming system, as my mother likes some old games from a system that is too old to find any more.
	We&quot;ve got the games and the a few of the system, but both the games and the systems are falling apart due to age.
	I think that emulation would be a perfect solution.
	As a bonus, I might be able to get something such as <a href="apt:supertux">SuperTux</a> to work on the television as well.
</p>
<p>
	After rebooting, mother&quot;s machine didn&quot;t recognize my device and couldn&quot;t even use <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr> with it any more.
	I uninstalled both drivers from yesterday and rebooted again.
	That restored <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr> functionality.
	I then reinstalled the driver from the device.
	Without rebooting, that got <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> functionality working.
	My convoluted Internet solution now works, but only for Web traffic.
	Email and such won&quot;t come through, but my mother uses a Web-based email client anyway, so email won&quot;t be an issue.
</p>
<p>
	Vivian dropped by and picked Cyrus up, then they headed back to Gresham.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F07-July%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

