<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/Minetest/worlds/0x6DB94B517C271908/"/>
		<title>Solo Sanctuary &lt;https://y.st./en/Minetest/worlds/0x6DB94B517C271908/&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/Minetest/worlds/0x6DB94B517C271908/index.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Solo Sanctuary</h1>
			<p>0x6DB94B517C271908</p>
		</header>
<p>
	This is my main game world.
	It&apos;s official name is <code>0x6DB94B517C271908</code> - a hexadecimal representation of its seed value - due to my inability to come up with a decent name for the world.
	As my main world, it has no specialised purpose which it fulfils, or which I could find a name centred around.
	I thought that if I could even come up with a name for this world, it both woulnd&apos;t do it justice in terms of what this world means to me and would lock me into a name that I might later regret due to finding a better name.
	I feel like the name also shows how while this game world means a lot to me, it&apos;s not actually a very meaningful or special world, in the grand scheme of things.
	It&apos;s just my own little sandbox, and I&apos;m the only one that holds it dear.
</p>
<p>
	I got off to a rough start in several initially-similar worlds, but this time, I think I got my in-game strategy right.
	The first time, I got disheartened after a bug in the engine (that seems to have been fixed now) caused one of my mods to eat most of an overly-sized stack of items.
	Honestly, I was trying to do some weird things with that mod, so it was my own fault for not backing up the world first, but the changing stack sizes in a mod is a legitimate action.
	The engine used to handle it just fine, and handles it just fine now, but in that one Minetest version, a bug slipped in that causes item deletions sometimes when dealing with stacks previously defined to be under the item stack limit for that item but are now over the limit due to item definition redefinition.
	I didn&apos;t have a recent backup of the world, and as I had no idea just how many items were lost and would have felt like a cheater if I&apos;d just spawned in some random guess as to the quantity, I just threw in the towel.
	In the next world, I bit off far more than I could chew.
	My efforts basically ammounted to trying to use an entire 912-metre by 912-metre area as effectively being &quot;my base&quot;, just because that was the size of the maps I produce for my journal.
	I ended up stuck grinding for over nine months just preparing that area for use; not even for building anything particularly interesting.
	Even after all that time, I still hadn&apos;t come even close to finishing the preparations, and I eventually realised the game had become more of a chore than a relaxing diversion.
	It&apos;s also worth noting that had the bug not killed my spirit in the first world, I would have also run into the problem of biting off more than I could chew.
	I&apos;d already been trying to work on the entire map by that point, I just hadn&apos;t gotten far enough to see the error in doing that just yet.
	Also in this world, I had several times in which the power cut out, and I didn&apos;t want to undo the entire session.
	I was unsure of if the world had entered an inconsistant state, which bothered me, though not enough to actually start over.
</p>
<p>
	This time, I have three major things going for me.
	First, I&apos;m starting small and staying - for the most part - small.
	I&apos;ll work on one island at a time, and I actually have a starter homw on the starting island, which I&apos;ve dubbed (in the previous iteration of the world) the Isle of Beginning.
	I won&apos;t be venturing off to work on other areas for quite a while, and I won&apos;t be heading off to go obtain new resources.
	What&apos;s here is what I&apos;m stuck with until I&apos;ve stockpiled enough to legitimately build a new home on the next island.
	Which will be quite a while, considering the amount of diamonds I&apos;ll need to build the massive storage rooms I plan to at each major home.
	Second, I have a script (used in the previous iteration of the world too) that backs up my progress each session.
	No progress loss beyond that of a single session will occur.
	Third, I&apos;ll always revert to the latest backup in case of power loss, even if that means losing hours of progress.
	That way at least, I know the world remains consistant.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2FMinetest%2Fworlds%2F0x6DB94B517C271908%2F"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2FMinetest%2Fworlds%2F0x6DB94B517C271908%2F"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

