<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>A day of enjoyable food &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A day of enjoyable food</h1>
			<p>Day 00817: <time>Thursday, 2017 June 01</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I haven&apos;t had pancakes in forever, and decided to make some for breakfast.
		I think I&apos;ll try to do that more often.
		I&apos;m still not sure I like this frying pan being porous, but I suppose it&apos;s fine as long as the pan&apos;s only used for plant-based foods.
		Porous cooking surfaces seem unsanitary to me though.
		I also haven&apos;t had salad in ages, so I had that for lunch and dinner.
		I had a nice blend of salad mix, chopped green onion, nutritional yeast, lemon dill seasoning, lemon juice, and Italian dressing.
		On my dinner salad, I also had a chopped pickle.
		The salads were quite delicious!
		I&apos;m going to run out of that lemon dill seasoning though.
		It&apos;s got a lot of salt, so once I run out, I won&apos;t be replacing it.
		After all, I&apos;m trying to eat more healthful meals.
	</p>
	<p>
		After breakfast, I picked up the cashier&apos;s cheque I needed, then after lunch, I used it to pay rent.
		Later, the on-site manager&apos;s parent stopped by my apartment.
		The on-site manager and their parent had just gone grocery shopping, had cleaned out their freezer, and thought I might be able to use the food.
		That was nice of them!
		They brought frozen cherries, a frozen dinner, and ground turkey.
		I obviously couldn&apos;t eat the turkey, and the dinner was meat-based as well.
		The cherries are pretty cool though.
		I wonder what I&apos;ll use them in.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I took one final exam today, then finalised my learning journal entries and submitted them.
		Tomorrow, I should take the other final exam.
		After that, schools out for me for over a week!
		I&apos;m hoping the university fixes my name in their system by the time school&apos;s back in session.
		I&apos;d prefer to start off the coming term as me.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

