<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>My ID arrived &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> arrived</h1>
			<p>Day 00818: Friday, 2017 June 02</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I cut up a green onion and added that to the pancake mix for this morning&apos;s breakfast.
		That turned out pretty well.
	</p>
	<p>
		I think my abdominal muscles are slightly stronger than before.
		Either that, or I&apos;m being less of a baby about sit-ups.
		I was able to make it to my daily goal of ten sit-ups without any real difficulty, so I&apos;ve upped it to twenty sit-ups.
		I barely made it to that goal.
		If I keep the goal barely in reach though, maybe I can stop being so fat.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> arrived in the mail.
		I&apos;m so excited!
		Now, in most situations, there&apos;s no need for my birth name to ever be spoken.
		I can be me, and no one will question it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got in touch with the banker today about finishing my account, but it seems that will no longer be necessary.
		The offer they gave me was only valid for people that have never had an account with that bank before.
		I opened and closed an account with them back when I was in Coos Bay, so there&apos;s no point in opening the account now.
		Darn.
		I could&apos;ve used the $75 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> they had said they&apos;d give me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I tried to get my Discover account updated today too.
		However, Discover wanted a copy of my new <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> and the court order, but wouldn&apos;t allow me to upload them.
		Their system said the files were too large.
		I&apos;ve explained the issue and asked Discover what they want me to do.
		When I hear back, we&apos;ll see if I keep the account open.
		I suspect they&apos;ll ask me to mail my documents to them.
		However, their website says they only accept original documents, not copies.
		The court kept the original copy of the court order.
		I suspect Discover would accept certified copies, but the court doesn&apos;t just give those away.
		I&apos;m not biking to Eugene to buy another copy to send to Discover unless Discover plans to reimburse me both for postage and for the copy itself.
		I won&apos;t ask for compensation of my time though, I&apos;ll just call that exercises and claim I&apos;m doing it to try to lose some stomach fat.
		Still, I don&apos;t think Discover will offer to reimburse me for anything, even though it&apos;s their own system that&apos;s not allowing me to upload the files.
		I could be getting ahead of myself though.
		I expect the worst, but I haven&apos;t even given Discover a chance yet.
		I should wait until they respond before jumping to conclusions about what they&apos;ll expect of me.
	</p>
	<p>
		My shift leader gave my documents to our head manager as promised.
		Was I early enough to get the name fixed on my upcoming pay cheque?
		I&apos;ll find out in three days.
		The head manager corrected my name on the digital time clock today before I clocked in though, and said they&apos;ve corrected it on the schedule.
		I forgot to actually check the schedule for next week&apos;s shifts though.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I didn&apos;t end up taking the second final exam today.
		I&apos;ll probably take it tomorrow.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

