<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Complications in minestats &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Complications in <code>minestats</code></h1>
			<p>Day 00819: Saturday, 2017 June 03</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I couldn&apos;t make it past eighteen sit-ups this morning.
		I had the will, but not the strength.
		Still, the first eleven were pretty easy, so I&apos;m sticking to my initial assessment that I&apos;m getting a little stronger.
		After resting a while and getting my final exam taken, I went back and completed the last two sit-ups.
	</p>
	<p>
		I found a futon out by the street with a sign saying people can take it.
		I considered taking it myself, but I&apos;m not so desperate for furniture at this point.
		I&apos;m not sure I even want a futon, and I already have a couch to sit on.
		If it&apos;s still there, I might pick it up later, but it&apos;s awfully heavy, so I probably won&apos;t.
	</p>
	<p>
		I set out to fix the bug in <code>minestats</code> that makes it sometimes, but not usually, count immature farm plants as minerals.
		The problem isn&apos;t the counting, obviously, but the <strong>*inconsistent*</strong> counting.
		However, there are legitimate times when the farm plants should definitely not count as minerals, which is actually most of the time, and my mod gets that right.
		So now, for consistency, I need to make it never count farm plants.
		I can see in the code how to do that.
		It&apos;d be ridiculously easy.
		However, looking at the structure of the item drop tables ...
		It looks like there&apos;s another bug that&apos;d be exposed by the fix.
		It&apos;s sort of obscure, but would still result in some nodes being inconsistently counted as minerals.
		I don&apos;t know of any in-circulation mods that&apos;d trigger this error, and the default game doesn&apos;t.
		However, it would be poor practice not to seal up this hole.
	</p>
	<p>
		My boss says the name on my upcoming pay cheque hasn&apos;t been updated, but my name on all pay cheques after that should be.
		It&apos;s a good thing I&apos;ve kept one credit union in the dark about the change then!
		I&apos;ll deposit the pay cheque, then wait fifteen days for the next pay cheque.
		If my name&apos;s truly been updated on it, I&apos;ll let the credit union know to update my account.
	</p>
	<p>
		After work, I found the paperwork from Chase Bank in my mailbox.
		It&apos;s ... confusing though.
		It says Chase needs the documentation of the change that I brought in the other day, and if my name change isn&apos;t because of a court order, they additionally need me to fill out the form they sent.
		So ... if it is because of a court order (and it is), I <strong>*don&apos;t*</strong> need to fill out the form?
		So why&apos;d they need to send it to me before they&apos;d help me?
		They won&apos;t be open tomorrow, but I&apos;ll ask them about it on Monday.
	</p>
	<p>
		Discover didn&apos;t read my question on how to transmit my documents to them when their website won&apos;t let me upload them.
		They simply replied requesting that I upload the documents.
		Ugh!
		I&apos;ve replied in an annoyed tone:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			You *CLEARLY* didn&apos;t actually read my message.
			I *TRIED* to upload my documents, but the Discover website *WON&apos;T LET ME*.
			It says the files are too large.
			So I&apos;ll ask again: what do you want me to do? How can I get the files to you?
			I have a scan of both my new ID and the court order on my computer.
			If need be, I can get a scan of the Social Security card too.
			However, your website won&apos;t let me upload them.
			How would you like me to send you the files?
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I took my final final exam for the term.
		I have mixed feelings about how well/poorly I did, but I won&apos;t find out the results for a while.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

