<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>I give up. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I give up.</h1>
			<p>Day 00825: Friday, 2017 June 09</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		The food place gave me a lot more groceries than I was expecting.
		I kind of wish I hadn&apos;t bought a big bag of carrots recently.
		They asked me for my Social Security number though, which I didn&apos;t bring with me, but they were fine without it.
		This soup they gave me doesn&apos;t taste good at all, but even if it represents most of what they gave me (and it probably doesn&apos;t), that&apos;ll save me a pretty penny.
		It can help me save up to pay off my student loans and reach a better place in life.
	</p>
	<p>
		There are a bunch of inconsistencies in the <code>gems</code> mod that has gems that can be crafted into tools.
		I started looking at just how much the stone handles improve the tools crafted from them, and found no rhyme or reason to it.
		For some tools, increases were bigger, while in some, they were smaller.
		I ironed out the wrinkles by setting the changes to be the same for each gem&apos;s tools, though the changes are still different across tool types.
		Also, it seems that while the stone handles increase the tool&apos;s durability, they decrease the tool&apos;s speed.
		Interesting; it&apos;s a trade-off.
	</p>
	<p>
		Looking through the code more, I found something strange; a fabricator used to cut gems.
		The gems from this mod are unusable until cut.
		What do I do with this!?
		Do I remove that feature, or do I expand it to encompass the rest of the gems from the other <code>gems</code> mod?
		Furthermore, the code for the fabricator is extremely broken.
		It borrows most of its code from the <code>default</code> furnace, but removes the part that consumes fuel.
		A diamond blade can then be crafted, which acts as the fuel, but never gets consumed because of the strange code.
		It was intended by the original programmer that the blade not get used up, but because of the way the code is set up, you don&apos;t need the blade at all.
		Any furnace fuel will activate the fabricator and it won&apos;t be consumed.
		Additionally, if you put the blade in a regular furnace, it&apos;ll be consumed rather quickly.
		Finally, raw gems can be put in a regular furnace and cooked into their cut counterparts.
		Ugh, what a mess ...
		It&apos;d be easy to fix, too, if I didn&apos;t want to keep the crafting chain intact.
		<code>minequest</code> needs an intact crafting chain in order to find nodes made from a given mineral.
		Without that, I&apos;d have no reservations simply removing the gem-cooking recipes and using a custom handler.
		Reservations or no reservations, this is what I&apos;d have to do to make my combined mod presentable.
	</p>
	<p>
		So, here&apos;s the list of concepts I need to integrate together into one mod so far:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Gems can be crafted into tools
		</li>
		<li>
			Gems can be used to encrust tools and strengthen them
		</li>
		<li>
			Tools can be crafted with stone handles instead of wooden ones for better durability at the cost of slower mining speeds
		</li>
		<li>
			Raw gems aren&apos;t usable; they need to be refined first
		</li>
		<li>
			Gems can be crafted into blocks
		</li>
		<li>
			There&apos;s a second type of diamond that must somehow relate to or differentiate itself sufficiently from regular diamonds
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		The mods contradict each other a bit too.
		One expects diamonds to exist already, and uses them to craft the fabricator.
		The other expects them not to exist already, and defines them itself.
		I think I give up.
		Trying to merge mods to both preserve them (they&apos;re currently unmaintained, which is why one of them even still has diamonds) and to resolve the name conflict was a nice idea in theory, but I&apos;m not the person for the job.
		I&apos;m too rigid in what I want to preserve about them, and proper preservation of most of the mod requires cutting away the part that conflicts with the current game.
		For now, I&apos;ll stick to just supporting the mineral mods from my mods and trying to draw attention to the mineral mods so they aren&apos;t forgotten and lost.
	</p>
	<p>
		Having put down the code of others, I picked up my own again.
		I&apos;ve added a few new features to <code>minestats</code>.
		First, if there are less than ten minerals defined, the last line of the stats page is no longer reserved for the page number and previous/next buttons.
		The ninth mineral will be moved from page one to page zero and page one will be removed.
		Second, if more than nine minerals are defined, the text with the name of each mineral will be removed.
		Stats will be shown in a condensed form to conserve pages, allowing twice as many per page to be shown.
		This time, if less than eighteen minerals are defined, the last line isn&apos;t reserved and can be used to display stats.
		Otherwise, the last line will be reserved for the page number and next/back buttons.
		I re-added the item names, though I kind of squished them in there with the numbers.
		It took some trial and error, but I got the default mineral names to look good condensed.
		I&apos;ll need to do some work on non-default minerals though.
		Specifically, some have very long names, so they&apos;ll need to be trimmed in a clean way to look decent in such a small space.
		It&apos;d be a lot easier if the game used a fixed-width font.
		I&apos;ve also added a debug command to output the names of all minerals, making it even easier to see what is included and what isn&apos;t.
	</p>
	<p>
		At work, out head manager claimed that we&apos;re all getting a &quot;raise&quot;.
		However, it&apos;s just minimum wage going up.
		Minimum wage going up is <strong>*not*</strong> a raise!
		I need to get out of there.
		It&apos;s really not the best environment to work in.
		I feel it&apos;s in my best interest to stay a while longer though.
		At a bare minimum, I need to establish my existence as Alex Yst.
		I need a work history, even if a short one, in which an employer knows my by my actual name.
		Then, I can look for work elsewhere.
		As I&apos;ve probably said before, there&apos;s a high probability I&apos;ll stay until I have my associate degree anyway.
		With my low-level degree, I can try for better employment opportunities while I continue with my bachelor degree.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I was living at my old H Street house and was playing a card game with a friend outside.
		I found a mysterious pack of giant cards lying out, so I opened it, but we both soon regretted it.
		They seemed to be some sort of trading card, though each represented some sort of demon.
		The first demon was summoned, and as it started to arrive, we rushed into the house to hide.
		We thought our only chance of getting rid of the demons might lie in the cards, but I accidentally dropped them as I rand.
		I started to head back, but the wind picked up.
		I can&apos;t remember what happened with the first and second demon, but the third was some sort of tornado demon.
		Its summoning was marked by a tornado, and I watched in horror as he tornado sucked up the cards and blew most of them away.
		I ran inside, but as I locked the door, the wind died down, so I risked unlocking the door at retrieve what was left of the cards.
		At that moment though, the tornado demon itself showed up, so I couldn&apos;t get any of the cards.
		I tried to relock the door and hide, but it saw me and tried to get in.
		I barely got the door locked because the wind it exuded was pulling the door open and the sliding, glass door had been replaced with swinging, glass doors.
		To complicate things, these were they type of doors that swung both ways; they had to be perfectly aligned for the lock in the one door to latch into the hole in the other.
		Without the cards and with our hiding place exposed, I wasn&apos;t sure what we were going to do about the stream of demons that was pouring in.
	</p>
	<p>
		I had another dream where I was in a bed dragged by police dogs, got yanked out of the bed by a dog once we got to the criminal, then flew around messing with people verbally.
		When I was being dragged, one of the dogs ran at me, and I thought it was going to attack me.
		It actually wasn&apos;t interested in me, and just jumped up onto the bed to jump off past the bed.
		Everyone seemed oblivious to my presence whenever I was in the air though, so my messing with them was ineffective.
		A flock of several types of baby birds on the ground thought I was their mother, and I tried feeding them almond milk.
		One of them ate a magnet that fell off my person, but none were interested in the almond milk.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My name still hasn&apos;t been fixed in the classroom, so I contacted my program advisor again.
		I really hope to have this resolved before the coming term starts.
		I&apos;d like to interact with my fellow students under my real name.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

