<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Half Serious, Half Kidding EP &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Half Serious, Half Kidding EP</h1>
			<p>Day 00828: <time>Monday, 2017 June 12</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="advertisements">
	<h2>Unsponsored advertisements</h2>
	<p>
		Marc With a C has released their <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/half-serious-half-kidding-ep">Half Serious, Half Kidding EP</a>!
		I&apos;m anxious to hear what&apos;s on it, but it&apos;s late and I need to get to bed.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve added node images for farm crops in <code>minestats</code>!
		These images aren&apos;t entirely accurate due to the combined nature of the stat, but they make the farming stats page match the mining stats page.
	</p>
	<p>
		I really wanted to spend some time outside, so I rode around town much of the pre-work day.
		I picked up some soy milk too.
		The checker at the Dollar Tree said a while back that they don&apos;t recall soy milk ever being stocked there, but I swear, it seems to come in fairly often.
		It&apos;s not always there when I look for it, but it&apos;s there often enough.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I was trying to figure out a bug, a strange and inconvenient loop in a game.
		My mother&apos;s cat was living with me, and suddenly, I heard a hiss.
		A huge spider with a leg span wider than my face ha descended most of the way down from the ceiling and was near the cat.
		Its body and legs were thin and a pale yellow.
		I was thinking about how best to get the thing outside without getting bitten, when it suddenly propelled itself at my face somehow.
		I was quite confused as to how it did this, as it was dangling (from a web strand) in mid air at the time and had nothing to push off against to jump.
		I blocked it with my hand, and the thing latched on with its legs pretty well.
		I was afraid of it, so I used my other hand to detach the legs from my first hand, then threw the spider into the next room (not the one the cat was in).
		It stayed put for about a second, flipping itself right side up, then launched itself at me again, this time using its long legs to push off against the floor.
	</p>
	<p>
		Ugh.
		I hate spiders.
		I just want them to stay out of my home and away from me.
		Normally they at least don&apos;t target me and attack though.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My name has now been fixed in the classroom!
		I&apos;m now free to interact with my professors and fellow students in the coming term under my real name.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

