<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>My neighbour&apos;s birthday &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My neighbour&apos;s birthday</h1>
			<p>Day 00834: Sunday, 2017 June 18</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I went to work early to get fresh bread sticks for my neighbour and return, as I feel bad about them getting those ones left at their door overnight.
		When I got back, my neighbour seemed to be out though.
		I hoped they would get back while they&apos;re still sort of fresh, but I didn&apos;t think I&apos;d try this a third time.
		They probably already had more bread sticks than they want.
		Later, I saw them, and sure enough, they had more than they wanted.
		They offered me some, but I declined on account of the cheese on them.
		They said even the ones from last night were good though, which is a relief.
		I mean, I&apos;d still eat them after a day if they didn&apos;t have cheese, but many people wouldn&apos;t.
	</p>
	<p>
		Today was a very slow day at work.
	</p>
	<p>
		Someone came in with a $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> bill, trying to spend part of it, but we have a policy against accepting bills larger than a twenty.
		The head manager has given me a blanket approval to accept fifties and hundreds anyway in the past, but two of the shift leaders tell me off when I do.
		I told them the head manager lets me, but they said there&apos;s no way that&apos;s true.
		They said I can take fifties, but not hundreds, and they&apos;ve told me off on a few occasions for accepting hundreds, so I gave up.
		I&apos;ve been telling every customer that tries to get me to break a hundred that we can&apos;t accept those bills, and I point to the sign saying fifties and hundreds can&apos;t be accepted.
		I was lucky to be dealing with this customer though.
		They&apos;d called ahead and been told by someone (I assume the head manager) that we could break it.
		I asked the head manager about it, and they said to take it, then started showing me all the anti-counterfeit checks to perform visually.
		I explained that I knew those checks and always performed them, but that I get told off when I take those bills.
		They asked who was telling me off, and told me to tell them off.
		Also, they told one of the two (the one that was in today) off.
		Sweet!
		I can now go back to accepting all cash sent my way, provided it&apos;s actual, legal tender.
		I understand I work a stupid, minimum wage job.
		I understand not everyone here has the minimum intelligence needed to sort fake bills from real ones.
		However, I still feel bad turning people away just because their legitimate bills are too large.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

