<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>How did the Free Software Foundation find me!? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>How did the Free Software Foundation find me!?</h1>
			<p>Day 00835: <time>Monday, 2017 June 19</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		How did the Free Software Foundation find me!?
		I stopped donating to them at least three years ago, have since moved thrice, and have never given them this address.
		Now, I receive a letter in the mail begging for another donation.
		They don&apos;t seem to have my current name, only my birth name.
		I don&apos;t recall ever giving them that either, but whatever; they can have that.
		I need to figure out how they&apos;re tracking me though.
	</p>
	<p>
		I forgot to update my whois records to reflect my legal name change.
		I&apos;ve done this now today though, so everything should now be in order.
	</p>
	<p>
		I finally finished unpacking my clothing into my closet.
		It&apos;s been pretty low on my priority list, but I finally got around to it so I could deal with my sock situation.
		I&apos;ve also thrown out all my pairs of underwear that have holes at the waistband and replaced them.
		I still have some with small holes elsewhere, but those seem much less likely to quickly continue degrading.
		As for my sock situation I mentioned ...
		I was considering throwing out all my socks and replacing them with two styles of socks; one black, one white.
		It&apos;d be so easy to match socks then, I wouldn&apos;t even need to worry about slightly-mismatched socks ever again.
		I decided against that plan by the end of the day though.
		It&apos;d be a huge waste, and then I&apos;d be stuck with no variety anyway.
		I just need to get a bunch of those sock clips that keep socks sorted even in the wash.
		I wonder where I can find those ...
		Speaking of socks, I think that&apos;s what I&apos;ll put in that crate my neighbour gave me.
		First though, I&apos;ll need to get those clips and sort out any socks with holes in them.
		Every sock in the crate will be clipped to a mate, and any without a mate will be thrown out.
		I&apos;ve moved several times in the recent past, so there&apos;s a high probability those sock mates are gone for good.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was shown the website of another agendered person with a self-chosen name and a short domain name: <a href="https://s.ai/">Sai</a>.
		Unlike me though, they chose &quot;Sai&quot; as their only name, while I chose &quot;Yst&quot; as my surname.
		I don&apos;t want to stand out too much, at least not for now.
		I identify by the name &quot;Yst&quot; much more then by &quot;Alex&quot; or &quot;Alex Yst&quot;, but the name &quot;Alex&quot; helps me not look like a total nut job.
		At least, that&apos;s my intent.
		Maybe one day, I&apos;ll change my name again and drop the &quot;Alex&quot; ... but for now, I&apos;m contented with the way things are now.
		That said, I&apos;ve got a lot of possible nicknames if I keep &quot;Alex&quot;, some of which are pretty nice, such as &quot;Lexi&quot; and &quot;Xander&quot;.
		I also don&apos;t want to totally lose my identity if something horrible happens and I lose my domain somehow.
		As it is now, I&apos;d only lose the meaning of half my name, so I&apos;d only have to replace half my name.
		If something terrible happens, it could be useful having my name be partially decoupled from my domain name, but at the same time, my domain name is a huge part of who I am and I don&apos;t want my personal name and my domain name to be completely decoupled.
	</p>
	<p>
		I used to be a little off-put when I was given items personalised with my name.
		However, I&apos;m starting to realise that was only because I hated my name.
		Now, I enjoy seeing things with my name on them, even if they&apos;re not my things.
		It&apos;s hard to describe the feeling, but the closest I can come at the moment is that it amuses me slightly.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was thinking about my login name at University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> today.
		Instead of using something memorable, they have us log in using our student numbers.
		It seems impersonal, but at the same time, the alternative would probably be to log in using a derivative of our legal names.
		Had the system been set up that way, I&apos;d likely be stuck logging in using my birth name, even now.
		That&apos;d really suck.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my coworkers asked me if I&apos;ve ever experienced a &quot;ghost burn&quot; before.
		Um ... a what?
		It turns out they were referring to the phenomenon of touching the table and being burnt by it despite no obvious heat source.
		I can&apos;t seem to find any legitimacy to the term, but it&apos;s caused by setting a hot pan on the table and later removing it, forgetting that it had been set there.
		The pan heats the table, then you burn yourself on the table.
		I&apos;ve done that loads of times, though I didn&apos;t have a name for it.
		&quot;Ghost burn&quot; does sound pretty cool though, so I&apos;m just going to go with that.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my bosses grabbed the three keys dangling around my neck, looking them over.
		They said &quot;apartment key, mail key, ...&quot; and just sort of trailed off, not sure what the third key was.
		It&apos;s just the laundry room key, but I told them it was the key to my heart.
		They said that they&apos;d get someone to steal it from me, so I replied that I&apos;d change the locks.
		They said you can&apos;t change the locks on your heart, so I retorted that I know a good heart surgeon slash lock smith.
		They didn&apos;t have much to say on the matter after that, but admitted that those are hard to come by.
	</p>
	<p>
		My coworker whose shift I covered about a week ago was grateful.
		They apparently needed the day off to study for a big test, and passed it.
		The offered me a haircut for my trouble or a caffeinated beverage, but I passed.
		I&apos;m growing my hair out now, and I don&apos;t drink caffeine.
		Besides, their gratitude is enough.
		Well, that and the money I made just for picking up those extra hours.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my other coworkers said they&apos;re jealous of my surname.
		I told them they could have it too if they want to go to court for it.
		They don&apos;t want to pay the court fees though, and I don&apos;t blame them.
		More than getting my new name, I wanted to be rid of the birth name name I hated, so it was worth it for me.
		It&apos;s not something that&apos;s worth it for everyone.
		It turns out my coworker also liked my birth surname too.
		I guess that name wasn&apos;t terrible, it was just my given and middle names I didn&apos;t like.
		Still, if I was going to pay the court fees, take the time to figure out how to change my name, and go through the stress of changing my name legally for the first time ... I might as well get the most out of it.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

