<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>The credit union branch is closing, I&apos;m still recovering from potential mould-poisoning, and I now have a task list from the local, public library. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/06-June/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The credit union branch is closing, I&apos;m still recovering from potential mould-poisoning, and I now have a task list from the local, public library.</h1>
			<p>Day 00838: Thursday, 2017 June 22</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
		<li>
			<ins>Clean up my apartment</ins>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<ins>Clean up my bedroom</ins>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<ins>Finish file-sorting</ins>
						</li>
						<li>
							<ins>Finish sock-sorting</ins>
						</li>
						<li>
							<ins>Clear off the shelf in my closet</ins>
						</li>
						<li>
							<ins>Finish hanging my work clothing</ins>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Clean up the study alcove and living room</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Clean up the kitchen and entryway</ins>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			<ins>Finish the library&apos;s &quot;bingo&quot; sheet (these tasks were typed verbatim, and include any mistakes and quirks present on the sheet handed to me)</ins>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<ins>Attend any library program</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a book you found using Novelist. A librarian can help!</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a nonfiction title</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a poem by Oregon Poet Laureate Elizabeth Woody</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a book checked out from the Springfield Library (print, ebook, or audio)</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Visit somewhere new in downtown Springfield</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a graphic novel</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read an author you have never read before</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Get outside: read in a Willamalane park for one hour willamalane.org</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Browse the Gale Virtual Reference Library. A librarian can help!</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Build, draw, or make something based on a book that you read</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a science fiction title</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Share a book recommendation</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read an award-winning book</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a book from a library display</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Suggest a library program you would attend</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a new book (published in 2016 or 2017)</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a young adult or children&apos;s book</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Build community: do something social. Try one of our book groups or go to Springfilm!</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read something funny and have a good laugh :)</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Look at the art in the City Hall Gallery. There&apos;s a new show every month!</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Volunteer for a couple hours at a community organization of your choice.</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Download one of the library&apos;s free apps or search in a database. A librarian can help!</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Read a book that takes place in another country</ins>
				</li>
				<li>
					<ins>Recommend our BINGO challenge to friends or family</ins>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My stomach still aches today, so I didn&apos;t feel like getting much done.
		I thought it might be my abs from the workout I did on my break yesterday, but I&apos;m starting to fear for my health.
		I was not doing well before I headed into work yesterday.
		In case this is just muscle soreness, I skipped my morning sit-ups.
		If it&apos;s my muscles, then the sooner they get some rest, the sooner I can set my mind at ease.
	</p>
	<p>
		Last time I worked on sorting my files, I got a huge chunk of the sorting done.
		I jumped right into trying to put each file where it belonged, and I removed files to be shredded as I went.
		Since then though, I haven&apos;t stayed organised, and I&apos;ve acquired a lot of new papers.
		This time, I started by gathering all my paperwork to the same place, then instead of sortin it to where it belonged, simply sorting it into what I wanted to keep and what I could shred.
		Anything I from the banks I had an account with in Coos Bay, almost everything from my old school, past notifications from Discover and Oregon Community Credit Union that are no longer relevant, old letters from politicians addressed to my birth name, junk mail that was never filed but was brought into my collection when I gathered my papers ... all of that could just be shredded.
		Next time I work on this, I&apos;ll have a smaller, more meaningful paperwork pile to deal with.
		I need to avoid holding onto junk mail too, and dispose of that right away.
	</p>
	<p>
		A lot of these things don&apos;t theoretically need to be shredded, but the way I see it, it&apos;s like using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
		If only those that absolutely need it use it; and even then, only when they have something to hide; it&apos;s easier to find the secret traffic.
		At that point, focus can be directed to cracking the contents of that traffic.
		It&apos;s anything coming from an exit node!
		But if everyone uses <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> all the time, it becomes incredibly easy to blend in and remain private.
		If I shred all papers I&apos;m recycling, sorting out the juicy account numbers and such becomes more difficult.
	</p>
	<p>
		I did a little sock-sorting, but not any noticeable amount.
		I figure if I do at least a little sock-sorting and at least a little file-sorting each day, I&apos;ll get done at some point without having to spend all day on either project.
	</p>
	<p>
		I received two emails from Discover, one saying my new card will arrive tomorrow, the other saying it&apos;ll come the next day.
		I&apos;m assuming they didn&apos;t mess up and send two cards.
		Soon I&apos;ll have the new one and I can shred the old one with my old, stupid name on it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I went to the public library to check on the expiration status of my old library card I&apos;ve had since before I moved to Coos Bay.
		I was hoping it had expired so I could get it replaced with one under my current name.
		It turns out it was set to expire next month, and they&apos;ve extended the expiration date now.
		Instead of issuing me a new card, they just updated my name in their database, then had me sign my new signature over my faded signature on the card.
		In general, this is a good idea as it saves plastic, so I shouldn&apos;t be too disappointed, but it&apos;d be nice to be rid of objects that needlessly have my old name on them.
	</p>
	<p>
		While at the library, the librarian talked me into taking a &quot;bingo&quot; sheet of activities to complete.
		At first, I was reluctant.
		I&apos;m very busy and don&apos;t have time for added activities.
		On the other hand though, some of these could be a chance to meet new people and make friends.
		Additionally, the wording on some of these allow for interpretation that doesn&apos;t require me to do much extra.
		Most of them that involve books don&apos;t specifically mention requiring the books come from the library.
		I&apos;d assume that requirement was a given, if not for the &quot;Read a book checked out from the Springfield Library (print, ebook, or audio)&quot; task.
		That task pretty much admits none of the others that don&apos;t specifically mention the books needing to be checked out from the library actually have that requirement.
		I can therefore use my school textbooks in some cases.
		Lastly, some of these will involve getting the help of a librarian.
		Librarian help is offered and I don&apos;t know what I&apos;m doing with their systems.
		Networking with the librarians a bit could play in my favour later when I try to talk them into acting as a proctor for some of my university courses.
		Honestly, I mostly took the day off today.
		I didn&apos;t feel well and I wanted rest.
		However, if I mostly stay ahead of my coursework, I might be able to work all these tasks into my schedule.
		The worst task might be &quot;Read a new book (published in 2016 or 2017)&quot; because of its length and lack of flexibility.
		Any work that recent will be under copyright, so I can&apos;t do what I&apos;ll do for most of the other tasks and either use a textbook I was going to read anyway or choose a book I can actually recommend to people.
		That said, I might be able to find a <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> book or something.
		&quot;Read a poem by Oregon Poet Laureate Elizabeth Woody&quot; is even more inflexible as far as copyright-dodging, but poems don&apos;t tend to take days to read, so I&apos;m not too worried about that one.
		And &quot;Visit somewhere new in downtown Springfield&quot;?
		I&apos;ve never been to the Springfield visitor&apos;s centre, though I&apos;ve been meaning to go see what&apos;s in there.
		Some of these books I&apos;ll have to read won&apos;t be for school, but I can&apos;t do anything useful on my breaks at work anyway.
		I can&apos;t read textbooks, because I need my computer set up while I read so I can take proper notes, especially for the learning journal assignments.
		I can use that time to read library books.
		This <a href="http://copyright.cornell.edu./resources/publicdomain.cfm">list of copyright expiration years</a> will come in handy when choosing books.
	</p>
	<p>
		I also checked in with First Tech Federal Credit Union to get my account updated there.
		I&apos;ve got to say, that was the easiest account to get updated.
		Chase is still giving me trouble.
		Discover wanted me to upload proof, but when their site wouldn&apos;t let me, they named me copy my documents and mail them in.
		Oregon Community Credit Union folded my certified copy of the decree.
		Both Discover and Oregon Community made me wait for my new card in the mail, and Chase will do the same if I can get them to eventually figure out to change my name in their records.
		The First Tech representative just glanced over my court decree and <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> though, then printed out a new debit card in-house and handed it to me.
		I&apos;m not saying that having to wait for the card in the mail is terrible by any means, but the simple fact is that First Tech didn&apos;t make me wait at all (aside from, like, a ten-minute wait in their lobby for a representative).
		Everything is just done with, and that&apos;s kind of cool.
	</p>
	<p>
		Later in the day, I checked the mail and found my new Discover card.
		Sweet!
		Now I can shred my old one; at least the one with my birth name on it, though not the one under the name &quot;Yst Dawson&quot;.
		It&apos;s unlikely that one will come in handy, but it might.
		That&apos;s one less trinket for me to hold onto with my birth name on it.
		I also got a letter from First Tech though.
		They&apos;re closing their Springfield branch.
		I&apos;m going to need to withdraw my money and close the account before that happens.
		My trip there to get my account updated was for nothing.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve decided to try a little experiment.
		Okay, it&apos;s a big experiment.
		I&apos;ve decided to throw out as many assumptions about myself as I can.
		I&apos;ve been changing over the past while, and I may be growing into a truer version of me.
		Certain assumptions about myself are easy to reestablish.
		Do I still believe in free software?
		Check.
		The logic on that is still sound.
		Do I still enjoy chiptune with instrumentals and vocals thrown in?
		Check.
		Professor Shyguy&apos;s still awesome.
		Some things though ... my place in the world, deeper parts about who and what I am ... they&apos;ll take time to figure out, and the answers may or may not be what I think.
		I&apos;m dumping most of the labels I&apos;ve branded myself with, simply because I need to know if they truly fit me.
		I&apos;m hoping to get certain labels back, but even if I don&apos;t, at least I won&apos;t be under the impression that I am what I&apos;m not.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F06-June%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

