<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>//ystyst.mp. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>//ystyst.mp.</h1>
			<p>Day 00209: Friday, 2015 October 02</p>
		</header>
<p>
	While researching the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#mp">Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana</a>, I found a couple oddities.
	The first came up when I tried to update my existing account with the registry.
	When I registered the account, I was not yet registering a domain, so I registered the account under my real name instead of my legal name.
	However, registering a domain under a name other than your legal name is illegal her in the United States, so I decided to change the name on the account before proceeding.
	At the time I set up the account, the website asked for very minimal information: my first and last name and an email address.
	However, when updating this information, I was required to supply even more.
	Namely, I had to fill in fields specifying my postal address and telephone number.
	Luckily, the telephone number field accepted the string &quot;no telephone available&quot; even though it could not be outright left blank.
	The second abnormality I ran into was during the domain registration process.
	Normally, a registry/registrar will ask you for your whois information, <strong>*then*</strong> ask you for your credit card information.
	Foolishly, I though that I wouldn&apos;t be charged until I had entered the whois information and gone through some sort of order confirmation page.
	I was wrong.
	As soon as I submitted my card information, I received an email from each Discover and dotMP saying that the order had gone through, even before any whois information had been entered! Luckily, no telephone number was required in the whois information.
	The knowledge gained was worth the $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> charged for the domain, I just wish I had known I was going to end up with a new domain.
	I ended up buying <code>//ystyst.mp.</code>, a pretty useless name.
	If I had known this was going to happen, I would have thought up a much better name to use.
</p>
<p>
	Thanks to this somewhat-amusing mistake, I was able to take a peek at the <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> service offered as part of the domain package.
	Unlike the <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> service offered by the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#st">Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe</a> registry, dotMP&apos;s registry&apos;s DNS service offeres the option of AAAA records.
	However, the down side is that also unlike the ST Registry&apos;s <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services, dotMP&apos;s <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> service does not provide wildcard host record support.
	If you want to use wildcards in your <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> records, you will need to use third-party <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services.
</p>
<p>
	Having no server to my name and no idea what to use this silly-looking domain for, I decided to take it to <a href="https://freedns.afraid.org/">afraid.org&apos;s gratis <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> service</a>.
	I could put my name there, and if people registered names under my name, I probably wouldn&apos;t even mind renewing the name next year.
	However, much to my displeasure, afraid.org flagged my new domain as either being delegated to me by a gratis domain registry or being a third-level domain, neither of which is true.
	Due to the incorrect flagging of the domain, it was marked as unusable by third parties; no one would be allowed to register a domain beneath mine.
</p>
<p>
	I now have this domain, but I&apos;m unable to use it myself and unable to share it.
</p>
<p>
	After my little experiment online, I went out to run some errands, after which, I was going to get back to working on a resume.
	However, while I was out, I noticed that the tide was down.
	Upon returning home, I went back out to explore an area of the beach that had been previously inaccessible to me.
	I walked as far as I could, eventually hitting e fence that prevented me from continuing.
	I got home tired, then immediately went back out with my mother, who had just returned moments after I had.
	The resume will have to wait.
</p>
<p>
	Late tonight, my sister arrived for another visit, bringing the power strip I need to set up the desktop computer that was formerly a server.
	Later I&apos;ll search the computer for important files, then reinstall the operating system and wipe the machine.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

