<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Banned from Floraverse IRC &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Banned from Floraverse <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr></h1>
			<p>Day 00210: <time>Saturday, 2015 October 03</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I received two emails from <a href="https://marlcabinet.deviantart.com/">Marl</a> letting me know I have been banned from the <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network that Floraverse uses, one to the address I used to register my NickServ account on that network and one to the email address listed on the contact page of my website.
	It appears that <a href="http://wowana.me/">wowaname</a> was stiring up trouble with the network administrator, <a href="http://eev.ee/">Eevee</a>.
	As a combined result of this trolling and the ban evasion that accompanied it, all of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, including me, has been banned.
	Marl said that I wasn&apos;t the target, I was just caught in the crossfire, but it&apos;s still pretty frustrating.
	The worst part is that wowaname only found that <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network because I mentioned it on my website.
	In effect, I got myself banned.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname continues her battle with eNom, now having to prove that my address is her address.
	It appears that eNom didn&apos;t listen about this address being that of someone authorized to accept mail on her behalf, not her physical address.
	By <abbr title="Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers">ICANN</abbr> rules, anywhere that she can accept mail at or will accept mail on her behalf is valid.
	She forwarded the letter from eNom to me, and I replied to eNom explaining again that I am accepting mail on wowaname&apos;s (or &quot;Opal Hart&quot;, as she is known to eNom) behalf.
	I&apos;m still upset that wowaname played a part in getting me banned, but there are bigger fish to fry.
	<abbr title="Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers">ICANN</abbr>&apos;s over-controlling requirements need to be followed to the letter and no further.
	They already ask too much.
	Besides, I still owe wowaname, and will continue to owe wowaname for some time, so perhaps this will lessen my debt a bit while also serving to help keep me on good terms with her.
	I currently depend on her, so if that could switch to mutual dependence, I could lessen my paranoia about my precarious situation.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

