<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>The Kingdom of Tonga &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The Kingdom of Tonga</h1>
			<p>Day 00211: Sunday, 2015 October 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent most of the day preparing for tomorrow by scoping out the local mall and writing up a resume.
	My resume isn&apos;t great, but it&apos;s better than nothing and I&apos;ve been jobless far too long.
</p>
<p>
	Before heading off to bed, I wanted to make at least a little progress on my <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> research, so I decided to check registries until I found a single registry that allowed registration without a telephone number.
	It only took two tries to find such a registry: the registry running the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#to">Kingdom of Tonga</a>.
	Their registration form doesn&apos;t ask for a telephone number, not even in the section that takes credit card information.
	I found this quite odd because I&apos;ve never seen a credit card information form that did not require a telephone number; I simply though that the credit card processing protocol required this.
	I always entered a fictitious number and Discover, not having a telephone number on file for me to match it against, processed the transaction without problems.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that there is a <a href="http://to/">website run on the <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> itself</a>.
	I knew this was technically possible, I just didn&apos;t know anyone was actually doing it.
	The strange thing though is that the webserver that serves this website is sending a default, unconfigured website without any content.
	Aside from the lack of content, this is actually something I want to do someday myself.
	Once I&apos;m doing a lot better financially, I want to acquire my own three-character <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
	Alternatively, if someone has acquired a single-character <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> by that time, I wouldn&apos;t mind instead acquiring a single-character <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> under their <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
	After that, of course, I would aim to try to become the manager of a second-level domain.
	This would be a precarious position for me to be in though, if I stupidly gave up both my three-character name and this name.
	I am not a country, nor will I ever be.
	I also don&apos;t have what it takes to lead a country.
	If I end up in control of a <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, it will be in a partnership in which I have offered to try to increase profits for whatever country I have partnered with.
	They could end the partnership at any time.
	Likewise, I would be required to sell domains, not keep the name space to myself.
	I might be able to put a website at the <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> itself, but aside from that, the domain would be in pieces, sold to any willing buyer.
	Next, I would want to control a single-character domain.
	If I recall, <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> said something about single-character <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s being reserved for uses that would benefit the public well.
	Again, me having a personal name space doesn&apos;t really accomplish anything for the public, so I wouldn&apos;t in any realistic situation be able to actually own and control a single-character <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
	Stepping even further in this fantasy, the final step would be to take control of <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> and the root name space: <code>.</code>.
	At this point, everything pretty much falls apart on a technical level.
	Forgetting the sheer impossibility of getting enough authority to make this happen, if I control all the names, names become useless.
	No one will have <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> names besides me, so no one will use <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	Besides, I don&apos;t want to have a monopoly on names, that would just be evil.
	That is, unless someone creates a new <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> root, in which case, I immediately lose everything.
	And do all protocols even work using the root domain? The <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> scheme is &quot;https://{domain without trailing dot}{path}&quot;.
	A website at the root domain would therefore have a <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of <code>https:///</code>.
	Would the triple slash mean that the website was hosted at the root domain, or would it be an invalid <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> that didn&apos;t even specify a host? If I decided not to encrypt things, <code>http://./</code> would be a completely-valid <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>, but a lack of encryption isn&apos;t safe.
</p>
<p>
	In any case, fantasies can be fun, even if I do over-analyze them to the point where they become incoherent and fall apart.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

