<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Net neutrality is still in peril &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Net neutrality is still in peril</h1>
			<p>Day 00212: Monday, 2015 October 05</p>
		</header>
<p>
	According to an email I received today, Jeb Bush says he&apos;ll gut net neutrality if he is elected, despite the fact that republicans and democrats are in agreement that net neutrality needs to be preserved.
	I was going to likely vote for whatever third party candidate ran for office because I don&apos;t like the democrats or the republicans, but now I&apos;m going to vote for the democratic candidate.
	I can&apos;t honestly expect the third-party candidate to win, so I had better put my vote toward trying to make Jeb Bush lose.
</p>
<p>
	Before leaving the house, I tried again to get a regular expression onion generator that would spit out only onions composed of English words.
	This time, I tried writing a <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> script that held the regular expression so eschalot wouldn&apos;t have to.
	The <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> script was supposed to ask eschalot for whatever the first onion it could generate, then the onion would be examined in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> before deciding whether or not to write it to disk before generating a new one.
	However, it seems that my regular expression is too large for <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> as well.
	I may or may not try porting this to other languages and trying to run it there.
</p>
<p>
	I walked some resumes down to the local mall today, though it seems most places didn&apos;t want them.
	Instead, they wanted me to apply online.
	I did manage to get a couple handed out though, and I got a list of places to apply online.
	I&apos;ll start on those applications tomorrow.
	I also have a sort-of-interview set up for Wednesday, so maybe I&apos;ll get lucky and that will go well.
</p>
<p>
	After returning home, I waited for a refrigerator delivery.
	We now have a full-sized refrigerator! We&apos;ve been working with a miniature refrigerator for the past month, which has been a bit of a pain.
</p>
<p>
	I found four working <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s for use without a telephone number today.
	The first was <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#tk">Tokelau</a>&apos;s registry.
	This registry appears to be run by Freenom, but unlike the other registries run by Freenom, the Tokelau registry has it&apos;s own registration forms in addition to the ones on the Freenom website.
	If you register through the Freenom website, registration requires a telephone number, but if you register through the Tokelau registry&apos;s website, registration does not require a telephone number.
</p>
<p>
	The next registry belongs to the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#sl">Republic of Sierra Leone</a>.
	This registry&apos;s registration page requires that the telephone number field be filled out, but it accepts arbitrary strings in this field as well as actual telephone numbers.
	Simply filling the field out with the string &quot;no telephone number available&quot; will suffice.
</p>
<p>
	The third registry does things a little strangely.
	This registry, owned by the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#pr">Commonwealth of Puerto Rico</a>, has registration broken into a few different website visits.
	First, you visit the website and begin registration by entering your email address.
	You are then sent an email to confirm your address, with a link back to the registration website.
	Next, you fill out your whois information.
	A telephone number claims to be required, but you can use an arbitrary string such as &quot;no telephone number available&quot; here as well.
	Upon submission of the form, you are presented with a message that your application will be reviewed, and you will be sent an email with payment instructions upon acceptance.
	I assume this email will link back to the registry website, instigating the third and final Web-based part of the registration.
	I feel bad having the reviewers review my application when I have no intent to purchase.
	I submitted the form thinking that I would next be presented with a payment page, at which point I could cancel the registration, having verified that the form accepted the lack of a telephone number.
</p>
<p>
	Finally, I looked into the registry of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#pn">Pitcairn Group of Islands</a>.
	This registry is the weirdest I&apos;ve seen, as far as whois contact information gathering.
	Instead of having several fields asking for various pieces of contact information, this registry&apos;s registration form has simply one text area labeled &quot;Your contact details&quot;.
	That&apos;s all! It has no specifics as to what it is asking for.
	If you want to put in just your email address, that would technically be correct.
	If you want to put in your email address in addition to your postal address, that is also fine.
	If you want to be obtuse, you could put only a fax number and make it so almost no non-business would have a way to reach you.
	You could even put a Twitter account there as the way you want to be reached! The possibilities are endless, and I&apos;m not sure what they are really after, though they probably want at least a postal address and email address.
</p>
<p>
	eNom has taken down <a href="http://wowana.me/">wowaname</a>&apos;s <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>-based domain without notice and despite me having proved the address in the whois record is valid.
	The only thing I can think is that my email got caught in the spam filter or something, so wowaname forwarded it to eNom.
	The domain loss has caused <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/">Volatile</a> to fall apart a bit, as it was dependent on that host name for some of the connections.
</p>
<p>
	After thinking about it a bit, wowaname came to the conclusion that she may be under attack from some unknown disruptive party.
	Three accounts have been giving her trouble now, all at around the same time.
	eNom has revoked her domain after hassling her, her Twitter account has been revoked, and Riseup was hassling her about some email she sent.
	I don&apos;t recall if Riseup revoked her account or she quit using it out of fear that it would soon be revoked, but that account is now down as well.
	I&apos;d have to agree: the timing is just too suspicious to be three isolated incidents.
	Someone isn&apos;t happy with wowaname.
	She does have a tendency to needlessly provoke people too, so it really could be anyone as far as I know.
	I really hope the domain ends up back in her possession, though I have no idea how to find out who is the cause of all this mess.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

