<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>The Republic of Moldova &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The Republic of Moldova</h1>
			<p>Day 00213: Tuesday, 2015 October 06</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#md">Republic of Moldova</a>&apos;s registration form is a bit of a pain to use.
	It doesn&apos;t allow you to specify some countries when you first register a domain, but after registering it, the modification form allows you to change the contacts (but not the owner) to be in some of the missing countries.
	The solution seems to be to edit their registration page in Iceweasel and add your country to the list.
	The telephone number field is mandatory and has a length limit, but &quot;no telephone service&quot; fits and is accepted.
</p>
<p>
	The first company I tried applying for online was the one that I have an interview with tomorrow.
	The application seemed to be going smoothly until I submitted it.
	Before processing, they require you to go through some idiotic third party for tax screening.
	The third party requires you to choose your location from a very incomplete list, a list that does not include North Bend or Coos Bay, despite the job I am applying for being in North Bend.
	The instructions say that if your location is not listed, you have to call them by telephone.
	No non-telephone contact information is given.
	Normally, I avoid telephone calls like the plague, but I need a job and employers tend to require telephone numbers anyway.
	I picked up the secret landline I have because of our <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>&apos;s wired pricing games (it&apos;s slightly cheaper to have the telephone line than to not have it), and called the number requested.
	I spent half an hour on hold, then ten minutes talking to the representative.
	In the end, I&apos;m not even sure if I got done what was asked of me.
	I was told that the store I was applying for did not exist, so I my information was filed under store number 4150 and I was given confirmation number 002a0e897n.
	I don&apos;t know what either of those numbers mean.
	I guess if it doesn&apos;t work, I&apos;ll explain the problems to the manager when I speak with her tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	The second company I tried to apply to blocked my because it didn&apos;t like my <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	The third claimed to have no job openings in the area.
</p>
<p>
	The fourth required filling out one of Google&apos;s <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>s, which refused to display, saying that my computer or network may be sending automated queries, so they can&apos;t serve me right now.
	After resetting <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> to get a new <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address, everything worked fine, though it seems the position available is only seasonal.
	I wonder how long that position will remain if I take it.
	I sent my application, though several of the questions were aggravating because they were so specific, as if I was supposed to keep detailed notes about what exact date I was hired, what exact date I left, and what my exact rate of pay was at the time.
	I couldn&apos;t even leave the &quot;desired pay&quot; field blank.
	If this is a seasonal position, I&apos;m clearly not in it for the long run, so there shouldn&apos;t be any expectation that I <strong>*must*</strong> have a desired pay rate.
	In my particular case, I think we might be moving again at the end of the school year.
	This rate of pay will not last, even if the job did, as I will need to quit next year.
</p>
<p>
	I emailed my resume to the fifth company, as they take resumes via email instead of over the Web and instead of any sort of application form.
	I sent the resume in LibreOffice&apos;s native format, and for good measure, attached a second copy in <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> format.
	This company also takes resumes in person, and I dropped on off yesterday, just in case.
	They resume submission email box sent back an automated reply saying that the resume was received, which is nice to know so I won&apos;t think it may have gotten caught in a spam filter.
</p>
<p>
	The sixth place I applied for required that I enter a land line number, and had an option to additionally specify a mobile number.
	They also had a field available to enter my Web address in.
	It was tempting to specify a Web address, but there&apos;s a reason I set up an email account that is separate from my domain for employment-seeking purposes; I don&apos;t need to be judged by my beliefs more than other people simply because I am an open book if you know where to find me.
	At the end, I was asked to take a timed test.
	The test said that there was no time limit, but that the time it took for me to respond to each question would be measured.
	It&apos;s been a long day though, and I didn&apos;t feel I was still at my best.
	If it were not timed, I would have taken it tonight, but as it stands, I will wait until tomorrow when I get back from speaking with the first company in the morning.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

