<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>The Kyrgyz Republic, Iceland, and Isle of Man &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The Kyrgyz Republic, Iceland, and Isle of Man</h1>
			<p>Day 00214: Wednesday, 2015 October 07</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I did some research, and I now understand how reverse <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> works.
	Reverse <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> isn&apos;t really as reversed as I thought, and is actually implemented over forward <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	There&apos;s far less address space in <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Four">IPv4</abbr> and <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Six">IPv6</abbr> combined than in <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>, so they set aside a chunk of <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> space just for use in reverse <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	I though that that section of <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> used for reverse lookups were among the <a href="https://www.iana.org/assignments/special-use-domain-names/special-use-domain-names.xhtml">special-use names</a> reserved for use outside global <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>, but that&apos;s not the case at all.
	The reserved domains related to reverse <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> are only the ones that correspond to reserved <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address blocks! That means that the rest of the reverse <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> domain space is not reserved, and is probably allocated to the companies that control the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses.
</p>
<p>
	Having a better idea of how things work, I wanted to make the most of the features available to me.
	Specifically, the two other main usable parts of this reserved name space are <code>//onion.</code> and <code>//local.</code>.
	I already have an onion address (though I often seek to generate more onion names), so I wanted to set up a local domain using multicast <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	My research on how to set this up was at first highly unsuccessful.
	Nothing relating to Debian or Debian-like systems seemed to be available, the information was all geared toward Windows and OS X.
	Finally, I found a hint as to why no information was available for my system.
	It&apos;s enabled by default! My laptop has been listening for the name <code>//newdawn.local.</code> for several months now, and I didn&apos;t even know it.
	This would have been helpful to know for working with the server too, as I could have been reaching it as <code>//chicken.local.</code> instead of <code>//chicken.hn.y.st.</code>.
	I can&apos;t seem to find a way to make the machines respond to subdomains of their multicast domain, but if I do find a way later, I&apos;ll probably shorten up my names to increase my namespace footprint just because I&apos;m a geek like that.
	I tried using a CNAME record in the domain I&apos;m not using to point to a multicast domain name, but that didn&apos;t work, just like how CNAME records pointed at onion addresses do not work.
	I&apos;m beginning to wonder if CNAME resolution doesn&apos;t occour client-side, but somewhere in one of the recursive <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers.
</p>
<p>
	I tried testing the <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> setup from both my machine and the only Windows machine in the house (my mother&apos;s machine), and found an odd anomaly.
	From my machine, I can ping any  of the other three Debian machines in the house, but I cannot ping the Windows machine.
	My machine can&apos;t even find the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address of the Windows machine using the multicast address.
	Likewise, the Windows machine is able to ping itself by its multicast address, but it translates any other address using the <code>//local.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> to the wrong <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	Whether the local domain is valid or invalid, Windows treats it as resolving to <code>198.105.244.24</code>.
	I checked Windows&apos; host file to see if its own local domain was being stored there, which if it was, would signify that <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> was probably not functioning at all, and the reason its own local domain was working was because of the hosts file entry.
	However, no entry, not even one for <code>localhost</code>, was present.
	Whatever Windows is doing is not compatible with what Debian is doing.
</p>
<p>
	I went it to speak with a potential employer this morning as I was asked too, but instead of the boss opening shop as the lady I spoke with on Monday said she would, that same lady was again opening the shop.
	She apologized and said that she had ended up covering the shift for the boss.
	Supposedly, the boss will be in tomorrow, so hopefully she will actually be there this time.
	I don&apos;t mind the extra trip, but what I fear is that the boss won&apos;t be there again and that I will be asked to come in again on Friday; I will be out of town on Friday.
	I&apos;d have to turn down the meeting at that point and try to get a later meeting set up.
</p>
<p>
	On the way to the job site, I had fifteen minutes to kill, so I stopped at a discount store in the area.
	They had <abbr title="light-emitting diode">LED</abbr> light bulbs for only a dollar each! Not knowing if they would work in our light bulb sockets, and not wanting to carry a large box of light bulbs in for a potential interview, I only bought one.
	Getting it home, I see that most (if not all) sockets that take this size of light bulb already have florescent lights in them.
	Florescent bulbs are not as efficient as <abbr title="light-emitting diode">LED</abbr> bulbs, but they are a lot better than incandescent ones.
	My bedroom has two empty bulb sockets, so I tried the bulb there.
	It didn&apos;t work.
	Swapping bulbs though, I found that the issue wasn&apos;t the bulb, but the sockets! I had though that the landlords had left two bulbs out for a dimmer lighting effect, but they really did it because those sockets do not work.
	I don&apos;t really mind though.
	I told my mother about the problem and she didn&apos;t seem happy about the broken sockets, so she came to take a look.
	She couldn&apos;t get them working either, it wasn&apos;t like I was using the sockets incorrectly or something.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m not feeling up to a test today either, so I&apos;ll put off the test another day if not even longer.
	Instead, I worked on setting up my old server as a desktop machine.
	I tried to set it up in my bedroom, but I found that neither the Wi-Fi card that I bought for my mother&apos;s machine nor my <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> Wi-Fi dongle that supposedly does not require nonfree firmware would work.
	The dongle doesn&apos;t work on my laptop either, so I&apos;m guessing it requires nonfree firmware after all.
	I brought the machine downstairs to install the system using a direct Ethernet connection, but the install got caught 52% of the way through loading the partitioner and I eventually had to abort the installation.
	I&apos;ll try again tomorrow, and if it works, bring the machine back upstairs where it won&apos;t have network access, but can be used for some things still.
</p>
<p>
	Before turning in for the night, I looked into some <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s.
	The <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#kg">Kyrgyz Republic</a>.
	They have a broken setup right now that requires modifying the Web browser&apos;s copy of the webpage before it will show or accept the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> text.
	Aside from that, the registry looks like a good option for usable domains.
	<a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#is">Iceland</a>&apos;s registry also looks reasonable to deal with.
	They do not require a telephone number ans will even conceal your contact information if you want them to for no additional charge.
	The <a href="#im">Isle of Man</a>&apos;s registry doesn&apos;t require any telephone number either.
	They do not offer <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers by default, but for an extra fee, they will supply you with them.
</p>
<p>
	eNom has now canceled <a href="http://wowana.me/">wowaname</a>&apos;s last domain that resides in <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr> space.
	I urged her before to transfer her remaining names that are in eNom&apos;s care to another registrar before this happened, but it&apos;s soon going to be too late.
	<code>//wowana.me.</code> is still registered with eNom, and if that name is taken next, I don&apos;t think it is replaceable.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

