<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>A reasonable Git host and a bug in localhost &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A reasonable Git host and a bug in <code>localhost</code></h1>
			<p>Day 00215: <time>Thursday, 2015 October 08</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Finally, I have located a Git host that hosts using free software! <a href="https://notabug.org/">NotABug.org</a> hosts code using a modified version of <a href="http://gogs.io/">Gogs</a>.
	Even the <a href="https://notabug.org/hp/gogs/">modified version</a> is made available.
	Gogs seems like working Git-hosting software, seeing as it&apos;s being used by a Git-hosting service, but is the Gogs code hosted using the Gogs software? No! Instead, for some reason, they are hosted on Github.
	I find this very sad, personally.
	It feels as if the Gogs development team doesn&apos;t have enough faith in their software to use it.
	In any case, I won&apos;t complain too much because I now have something I&apos;ve been looking for for quite a while and it is partially thanks to these developers.
	I&apos;ll get mu code uploaded there when I have time.
</p>
<p>
	I went in to speak with the manager that is hiring at the mall, and it seems she was not expecting me.
	I wonder if the employee I spoke with didn&apos;t actually let her know that I was coming.
	I somehow got a bad vibe, and I don&apos;t think I&apos;m going to get the job.
	I will come back on Monday to check on my resume that I left with her today though.
	She said in the next one to two weeks, she will be hiring two or three people, so if I&apos;m luckier than I feel, I could be one of them.
</p>
<p>
	Before I left for the mall, I set up my machine to install Debian while I was away.
	This time, it made it past the point that it got stuck yesterday, and when I got home, it was waiting for me to enter a disk-encryption password.
	The install finished smoothly, after which I found some instructions for <a href="https://debian-administration.org/article/28/Making_scripts_run_at_boot_time_with_Debian">making scripts run at boot time</a> and set up a script to start the script that repeatedly calls eschalot.
	Maybe I&apos;ll find better onions, maybe I won&apos;t, but I&apos;ll find something if I leave the machine turned on long enough.
	Before taking it up to my bedroom, I forgot to install the software needed for the Debian machine to speak with my Replicant device and my brother&apos;s Android device, but if we end up needing it, I can drag it back down to the Ethernet cord and modem.
	It seems that the Debian team has fixed whatever bug in Debian 8 was making this machine&apos;s fan stay turned on at full blast all the time.
	The fan now works as it should at a reasonable level.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that <a href="https://creativecommons.org/weblog/entry/46186"><abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> is now compatible with the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License">GPL</abbr></a>! This is awesome news.
</p>
<p>
	I was looking into the specifications for the use of <a href="https://www.iana.org/assignments/special-use-domain-names/special-use-domain-names.xml">special-use domain names</a> again, and was reminded of the fact that <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6761">all subdomains of <code>//localhost</code> should resolve to the loopback address</a>, not just <code>//localhost</code> itself.
	I decided to test this out by pinging <code>//test.localhost</code>.
	Oddly, the address resolved to <code>198.105.244.24</code>, an address that was not responding to pings.
	This is the same address my mother&apos;s Windows machine was resolving all non-self <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> names to.
	I checked the special-use <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address space by comparing the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address to the domain space corresponding to special-use <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address, but there was no match.
	I couldn&apos;t find much on the Web either, aside from the fact that the IP address is owned by a company called <a href="http://whois.domaintools.com/198.105.244.24">Search Guide Inc</a>.
	These guys seem to be pretty under-the-<abbr title="Radio Detection And Ranging">radar</abbr>; I can&apos;t find any information on them.
	I tried loading both <code>//host0.localhost</code> and the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address in my browser.
	Both redirect to a search page run by my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>.
	My browser trusted the <code>//host0.localhost</code> address because it is a subdomain of the trusted <code>//localhost</code> address, so it didn&apos;t get proxied.
	After all, if connections to localhost were sent through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, they&apos;d never reach their intended destination.
</p>
<p>
	Debian isn&apos;t implementing the <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr>, so the localhost <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> is not functioning correctly, or probably at all.
	My guess is that the only reason that connections to the bare <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> <code>//localhost</code> seem to work correctly is because <code>localhost</code> is in the hosts file, overriding the default behavior.
	Out of curiosity, I checked on my Mother&apos;s Windows machine, and it has the same issue, aside from the fact that the bare <code>//localhost</code> domain worked without a hosts file entry.
	Queries to &quot;{domain}.localhost&quot; are being treated by both systems as regular <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> nams to ask the name server about.
	Also, it seems my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> is evilly selling queries to unused domains instead of returning a response stating that the domain does not exist.
	The <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> also states that the name servers should return the loopback address for queries for localhost names if a machine fails to recognize the names themselves, so my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> is doing things incorrectly as well.
	Lastly, it seems that instead of querying the local network over multicast, the Windows machine is asking the name server for names in the <code>//local.</code> name space, explaining why it can&apos;t find the actual local machines.
	I have no idea why it&apos;s able to find it&apos;s own multicast name, but my guess is that if it&apos;s not handling multicast names properly, it&apos;s probably not listening for its own multicast name properly either.
	Hopeful that means that the Debian implementation of multicast domains is functioning correctly and is not only compatible with itself.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve sent a bug report to the Debian team to see if they will fix this.
	I have to say, the Debian bug-reporting system is quite obtuse.
	I never could get the bug-reporting software itself to function, and I eventually had to try emailing the bug report system&apos;s automated box directly.
	THe first time, it rejected my report because it didn&apos;t like the way it was formatted, but it took the report the second time.
	Unfortunately, the bug quickly got downgraded to &quot;wishlist&quot; status.
	We may not get full localhost support in Debian for a while.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been meaning to say this for a while, but I keep forgetting.
	I looked at the available payment history in my <a href="http://www.nic.st/">.ST Domain Registry</a> account, and it seems I understood the prices correctly the first time.
	The price was indeed lower per-year to buy for several years at a time.
	However, the prices have gone up, so there is no longer a discount for multi-year registration.
</p>
<p>
	The <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#gt">Republic of Guatemala</a>&apos;s registry requires the telephone number field on their application form be filled, but it can be filled with the string &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

