<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Headed back to Springfield once more &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Headed back to Springfield once more</h1>
			<p>Day 00216: Friday, 2015 October 09</p>
		</header>
<p>
	It seems that eNom was not done hassling <a href="http://wowana.me/">wowaname</a>.
	To get her names back, she had to put my name on the contact information, legally making me the owner of them.
	I cannot be reached by telephone, so to make this work, I authorized her to accept calls on my behalf, and she used a secondary telephone number on in the whois registry to avoid giving out her main telephone number.
	eNom refused to allow the domains to use a contact name in the format &quot;{her name} c.o.
	{my name}&quot;, which would have <a href="https://www.registerprivatedomain.com/FAQ">allowed he to keep legal ownership while allowing her to also use me as the whois contact</a>.
	She now is getting her names back, and will likely be transferring them all to Gandi, where she can put her name back on the whois records and take back ownership of the domains.
	It seems too that someone reported the domains to eNom as having bad information in their whois records.
	While eNom is certainly handling this incorrectly, we were right that there was another party involved instigating this mess.
</p>
<p>
	My mother thought the idea of nutritional yeast was gross when I brought it to her in a vegan context a while back.
	However, she is now trying to lose weight and one of her coworkers brought her the idea of nutritional yeast as a delicious and nonfat food supplement.
	This time, she actually tried it, and with a positive attitude, and she actually likes it.
	I wish she would not just dismiss things just because they are vegan.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname updated her <a href="http://wowana.me/canary">warrant canary</a> today, and it lists the websites currently under her care.
	This website is listed there, the only website listed as having an <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> instead of an <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>.
	It feels odd seeing my website listed there as not being in my own care, but it&apos;s completely true.
	I&apos;m currently pretty powerless and she has stepped up to be my website&apos;s guardian for the time being.
	In any case, it&apos;s never a bad thing to have my <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> listed somewhere in a non-negative context.
	It could result in more visitors.
</p>
<p>
	I found a pair of headphones at a yard sale today.
	Their bass is slightly too high, but they only cost one dollar, they were not some of those super-cheapy headphones that are hard to hear, and they fit in my mobile case&apos;s tiny headphone jack hole.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname showed me how to get an <abbr title="Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol">XMPP</abbr> account set up on her server.
	I&apos;m still a bit confused as to how it works as far as reaching other people and having them reach me, but if you are on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> or <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>, you might be able to message me on <abbr title="Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol">XMPP</abbr> now.
	As I write that, I realize that this may not work as well as I had thought.
	The server calls itself by its <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> address and only its <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> address.
	My account is at an <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> domain, though I use an onion address to connect.
	I think this means that I&apos;m only reachable by users on an <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>-hosted <abbr title="Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol">XMPP</abbr> server or <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users that are on the exact same server as me.
	I&apos;m reasonably certain that I have no way to link to my chat handle in the context of onion space.
	If you want to come find us, <a href="http://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion/chat.htm">instructions for connecting</a> are available.
	My user name is <code>yst</code> and the server is the one given on the instruction page.
</p>
<p>
	My brother has decided upon a name for use my this weblog to make him mentionable by something other than &quot;my brother&quot;, while still having some privacy.
	Unlike Vanessa and me, Cyrus doesn&apos;t actually identify by this name though, and still prefers his legal name.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa, Cyrus, I, and our mother came back to Springfield to pack some more stuff from our old home to move to our new home.
	This time, our mother has reserved a moving van for tomorrow, so we&apos;ll be taking a much bigger load.
	My understanding is that we will be staying in Springfield until Sunday, at which point we will head back.
	She has to be to work on Monday, so she&apos;ll need to get home before then and get some sleep.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

