<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Hornet &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Hornet</h1>
			<p>Day 00219: Monday, 2015 October 12</p>
		</header>
<p>
	It appears that some people built an alternative to <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> called <a href="http://www.zdnet.com/article/hornet-tor-alternative-for-high-speed-anonymous-browsing-revealed/">Hornet</a>.
	Assuming this project implements onion addresses and <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> compatibility in such a way that it can reach hidden services both on its own network and on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> and <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> can do the same, I think I would be excited to switch.
	I don&apos;t think I&apos;d want to put trust in new software for such a critical part of my online security unless it&apos;s been through the Debian security team and if it cuts off access to onion addresses, it seems like a step backward.
</p>
<p>
	Research is a pain when language barriers are involved, and I think I made a mistake.
	I thought that the registry of Bosnia and Herzegovina allowed registration by all, but upon further research, I do not think that is the case.
	I decided to start compiling my notes into a <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml">more usable format</a>, which meant investigating the second-level domains available to register under in addition to the top-level domains.
	However, the Bosnian registry offered options such as <code>//gov.ba.</code> and <code>//mil.ba.</code>.
	These seemed highly unlikely to actually be open to all, so I dug a bit deeper.
	I&apos;m using imperfect translation software, I see what look like recommendations on what to use the second-level options for, but they do not appear to be outright requirements, assuming the translator is even accurate.
	However, in the eligibility criteria, it looks like you probably need to either have a connection to Bosnia or have a representative in Bosnia to be eligible for a domain.
</p>
<p>
	I had most of the moving van unloaded by the time my mother got home, but she complained about the way in which I had unloaded it.
	She wanted me to somehow sort it all as I unloaded so it would be usable right away, but I had been in a rush.
	I had been told that we needed to have the van unloaded as soon as possible so it could be returned to the moving van company.
	We were already going to have to turn it in past the initial deadline due to yesterday&apos;s delays caused by the blown tire.
	It turns out that they extended the deadline for us, but I had never been told this.
	We still needed to get the van returned by tonight though, so even with that information, I don&apos;t think I had time to sort boxes as I went.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

