<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>I Just Wanted to Dance &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I Just Wanted to Dance</h1>
			<p>Day 00220: Tuesday, 2015 October 13</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent much of the day clearing paths in the garage by sorting boxes and moving sets of drawers.
	There&apos;s still much to do though.
</p>
<p>
	I received two letters from the Social Security Administration today.
	One was the letter that I had been expecting, the one about increasing the security of the account.
	Basically, it said that adding an <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>-enabled mobile device was mandatory for this, as well as entering a code from the letter.
	The second was a &quot;thank you&quot; letter for setting up the online account.
	I&apos;m not sure why that had to be done by paper mail, but whatever.
	It seems like a waste of resources though.
</p>
<p>
	Josh Woodward just released a new song, <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/IJustWantedToDance">I Just Wanted to Dance</a>.
	I&apos;ll have to listen to it later when I have time.
	The video he posted of it is unfortunately on YouTube, and YouTube blocks my from viewing any videos there.
	That means I need to download the song to listen to it, but my music collection is currently a mess.
	Until I find the time to dig out my external hard drive to finish the transition to a new organization structure, my music library is in a half-way state and really shouldn&apos;t be added to.
	Speaking of music, Professor Shyguy also released a new song.
	This one though appears to be part of a proprietary music bundle featuring him and other chiptune artists.
	It sounds like the one song he contributed to this bundle is going to be present in a full album that he wants to release on the first of December, and he tends to release his albums under reasonable terms, so I&apos;ll wait until then to pick it up.
</p>
<p>
	I came across two countries selling domains without the need for a telephone number: the <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#lk">Republic of Liberia</a> and the <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#lu">Grand Duchy of Luxembourg</a>.
	The former is selling domains both at the second level and at the third level under ten different second-level domains, bringing the total number of usable name spaces found today up to twelve.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

