<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>Interview &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Interview</h1>
			<p>Day 00222: Thursday, 2015 October 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I went in for my interview today, but I was anxious and jumped ahead of schedule a bit.
	I ended up in the area about an hour early, so I had time for lunch before heading to the interview site.
	After that, I killed a bit more time, but I still went into the interviewing store fifteen minutes early.
	It&apos;s a good thing I did come in early too, as someone else made it in early as well.
	If I had come on time, I would not have gotten there first.
	The person that seemed to be in charge didn&apos;t realize that all the resumes were already on-site, so he asked me if I had brought one, but the other lady quickly explained that they were all there.
	It was a large stack of resumes too, I&apos;m not sure I stand a chance just based on sheer probability.
	I&apos;m not exactly overly-qualified for the position, in my own opinion.
	I think I interviewed well though, so I&apos;m still somewhat hopeful.
</p>
<p>
	At home, I found three more registries offering a total of fourteen name spaces for registering domain names without the use of a telephone number: <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#ph">ph</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#com.ph">com.ph</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#net.ph">net.ph</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#org.ph">org.ph</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#pk">pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#biz.pk">biz.pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#com.pk">com.pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#fam.pk">fam.pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#net.pk">net.pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#org.pk">org.pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#web.pk">web.pk</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#pt">pt</a>, <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#com.pt">com.pt</a>, and <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#org.pt">org.pt</a>.
	All three registries today had their own set of issues though.
	The first registry I found was the registry of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#ph">Republic of the Philippines</a>.
	This registry&apos;s registration form will silently fail if you do not fill in the telephone number field.
	The form clears itself, but you are given no reason as to why.
	However, filling this field with &quot;no telephone available&quot; causes it to function as it should and without error.
	The second registry was that of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#pk">Islamic Republic of Pakistan</a>.
	This registry&apos;s issue was that it mangles passwords.
	I do not know if it does this every time, but as I generate and copy/paste my passwords using KeePassX, I know that there is no possibility that I made a typographical error.
	If you gave the registry a valid email address though, and you really should have, you can simply do a password reset and the registry will send you a new password.
	The third registry, that of the <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#pt">Portuguese Republic</a>, asks for an identification number from an identity document of your choosing as well as your taxpayer <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number.
	I don&apos;t pay taxes in the Portuguese Republic, so I set that value to &quot;none&quot; and used the number off of my state-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card for proof of identity.
	The website refused to create an account for me though, claiming I already had an account with the <abbr title="Network Information Centre">NIC</abbr> handle &quot;DWOE-926615-FCCN&quot;.
	I tried running a password reset using that <abbr title="Network Information Centre">NIC</abbr> handle, but as that was not really my account, it wasn&apos;t me that received the password reset email.
	I tried to find a way to look up who owns that <abbr title="Network Information Centre">NIC</abbr> handle to see if it was somehow a pre-Yst version of myself (which I doubted it actually was), but I couldn&apos;t find a way to look up the contact information using that handle.
	I ended up finding an option to reset the password using the taxpayer <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number, which told me what the real issue was.
	As expected, when I entered &quot;none&quot; into that password reset form, it knew just who to sent the password reset email to.
	Someone else had already used &quot;none&quot; in the taxpayer <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number field, so I was being confused with them.
	Changing the taxpayer <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number to a longer phrase that essentially meant the same thing, I was able to register my own <abbr title="Network Information Centre">NIC</abbr> handle.
	Next, I tried walking through most of the steps to registering a domain name to insure that it was possible without a telephone number, and they gave me a &quot;proof of domain registration&quot;, despite the fact that I had not finished registering the domain yet!
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

