<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>Reassessing my decision &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Reassessing my decision</h1>
			<p>Day 00223: <time>Friday, 2015 October 16</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My research on <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> policies is not yet complete, but looking upon my current notes, I am assured that I made the correct choice in choosing the registry of the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe.
	It is unfortunate that they do not implement <abbr title="Domain Name System Security Extensions">DNSSEC</abbr> records, that is for sure.
	However, if I had not chosen a registry that did not even ask for a telephone number, I wouldn&apos;t have known that registering a domain name without one was even possible.
	I would not have been able to cancel my telephone line out of fear that it might come back to bite me on the domain front.
	My current notes indicate that there are six registries that do not even ask for a telephone number, as least if you register directly with the registry.
	Of these, three prohibit short labels, two had already sold all their short labels, and one was the registry I ended up buying from.
	There could still be other registries that do not ask for telephone numbers, so I must finish looking through them all, but I have no regrets about where I am right now.
</p>
<p>
	I might have finished researching all <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s tonight apart from those with the most cryptic registry websites, but thankfully, Vanessa wanted me to go on a walk with her, giving me an excuse for a much-needed break.
	Though there&apos;s not much physical work involved with this research, it is mentally exhausting.
	This work nears completion though, so it&apos;s only a matter of time until I am done.
	Now that my needs have changed, there is a very high probability that I will use the results of this research to narrow the scope of any later research that I decide to do.
	If I don&apos;t focus solely on the six registries that are forward-thinking enough to avoid even asking for a telephone number, I will almost certainly at least focus solely on registries that allow one to get out of the telephone number requirement.
	I have moved the old <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml">usable <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s</a> page to a new location to make room for an actual <a href="/en/URI_research/best_ccTLDs.xhtml">recommended <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s</a> page.
	Once my current preliminary report on each <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is complete, this page will probably contain only information on the <code>//cg.</code>, <code>//dj.</code>, <code>//hm.</code>, <code>//pn.</code>, <code>//st.</code>, <code>//to.</code>, and <code>//onion.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s, as well as any relevant subdomains.
	It is still possible that I might find other forward-thinking <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s to add to the list, but at this point, I think the chance is unlikely.
	If I can find reasonable evidence that other classes of <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s are also exempt from <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr>&apos;s idiotic telephone number requirement, I might even later be able to add something else to the list besides those six <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s and one onion routing <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
	I suspect that domains representing a place (such as <code>//berlin.</code> and/or internationalized domains (potentially only a subset of internationalized domains, those representing places) could be covered by similar rules as the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s are.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve located two usable registries today, though neither made it onto my recommended <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> list.
	The first is that of the <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#sd">Republic of the Sudan</a>.
	It was hard to tell for sure, but I think registration at the second level is open to all while registration at the third level is restricted.
	The second registry was that of <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#hotel.tz">the</a> <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#info.tz">United</a> <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#me.tz">Republic</a> <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#mobi.tz">of</a> <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#tv.tz">Tanzania</a>.
	This registry was a bit unclear as to its registrant eligibility requirements as well if I recall, but registration seemed to be restricted at the second level as well as at the third level under certain second-level labels.
	Some second-level labels seem to be open for registration by all though.
	Both registries disallow leaving the telephone number field blank, requiring the registrant to at least enter the string &quot;no telephone available&quot;, so I&apos;m classifying them as barely usable by those without telephone numbers.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

