<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>We jury rigged a broken laptop to act as a desktop machine &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>We jury rigged a broken laptop to act as a desktop machine</h1>
			<p>Day 00233: Monday, 2015 October 26</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Before heading off to the bank today, I decided to stamp the single twenty dollar bill in my possession.
	While doing this, my stamp once again broke.
	Last time, it broke soon after I had clumsily dropped it, but this time, I thought I had been careful with it.
	I think the issue is that I stored it in a small outer pocket of the bag that I haul everywhere because I never know when it will come in handy.
	I am not always gentle to my bag, so some impact (or multiple impacts) must have damaged it.
	I cannot replace it here in Coos Bay, but I will be headed to Springfield on Wednesday.
	Hopefully I will have time to get a new one then.
	After checking on resumes at the mall, I stopped into a discount store and picked up a small plastic case that should be enough to protect the next stamp.
</p>
<p>
	Before heading into the bank, I stopped by the two main places that I had dropped resumes.
	The first said that they had already hired the people that they wanted, and I was not on the list.
	Disappointing.
	The second said that they had not yet begun the hiring process, but would begin soon.
	However, they emphasized the importance of filling out the online application.
	The website is a mess and I cannot be sure that my application there was successfully accepted.
	My paranoia tells me that something went wrong, seeing as I did have issues, and my application is probably in limbo somewhere.
	I doubt that I will hear back from them.
	Tomorrow, I will put aside the resumes and look for work at a few places that take applications instead.
	Most of these places are places that I do not want to work, but I feel that I have no choice.
</p>
<p>
	Usually when I&apos;m in the mall area, I stop by Subway to get one of their delicious veggie delight salads sans cheese, so I headed there next.
	However, upon entering the store, I saw that they had a special going.
	If you buy a $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> gift card, they will throw in a six inch sandwich without further charge.
	I much prefer the salads, but I did look into Subway&apos;s ingredients lists a few days ago.
	I didn&apos;t have time to go through the full menu, but I had seen three seemingly-vegan bread options, so I got the veggie delight sandwich instead.
	TO be honest, the sandwich was a bit of a disappointment.
	The usual price of the sandwich is fifty cents higher than the salad, but the salad is still more filling.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly, I stopped at the bank, my real purpose for the trip.
	I haven&apos;t been able to remember the user name and password on my online banking account, and the account had been set up when I did not have access to the Internet from my laptop at home, so the user name and password had never been added to my KeePassX database.
	The teller reset the password and gave me the net teller <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>, which can be used in place of the user name.
	She also reminded me that the password and net teller <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> should have been given to me on a card when I set up the account.
	I vaguely remember this now, though that information does not appear to be in the folder given to my by them now.
	Once home, I was asked by the system to change my password, though the system does not seem to hash passwords, as many characters are not allowed.
	It was a pain to get the password generator to generate a password that it would accept because it required a short password containing letters and numbers along with special characters from a highly-restricted set.
	Every time the password generator would produce a password containing special characters that were allowed and none that were disallowed, it would not have any digits due to the probability of digits being so small with a password that short.
	There also does not seem to be a way to view or change my &quot;security&quot; questions, meaning that I cannot set them to random strings.
	Having them set to real answers actually <strong>*decreases*</strong> security, as anyone that knows me well enough can claim to be me.
</p>
<p>
	I tried out a few Firefox themes today.
	I tried to find a nice, free, dark cyan one, but did not find something that fit.
	I did get several blue themes though, all under <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported">CC BY-SA 3.0</abbr> though.
	All the other ones I looked at were proprietary, so I skipped them.
</p>
<p>
	I tried installing the Wi-Fi card I bought for my mother in her machine, but just like when I tried to temporarily use it in my machine, it did not function.
	I thought that it required proprietary firmware or something, but it seems that the real reason that it did not work in my machine is that it does not work at all.
	It would be nice if people did not donate defective objects to second hand stores when the objects cannot be easily identified as defective before purchase.
</p>
<p>
	The language-learning website I use is highly gamified.
	One thing it does is keep track of how many days in a row you have studied.
	This has the effect of keeping you going, studying each day whether you like it or not, but it also has a negative effect if you ever miss a day.
	Once you miss a day, the broken streak kind of makes you want to quit altogether.
	Well, yesterday, I forgot to study Esperanto, breaking my streak.
	I&apos;m going to experiment a bit with the features now that nothing matters on the account any more, then I&apos;ll probably kill the account.
	I might start another one soon, but for now, I&apos;m quite disappointed.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus dropped his laptop again today.
	It took some bad damage and we thought it had become unusable.
	He thought that the display was messed up because it was completely black, but I thought that something else must be wrong instead.
	The display showed only black, but it was still lit up.
	To test both of our theories, we hooked up the laptop to the monitor I use for <a href="/en/domains/chicken.local.xhtml">chicken</a> (my former server) and tried booting the machine.
	It turned out that he was right, so we connected chicken&apos;s keyboard and mouse to the laptop as well and configured the laptop to stop falling asleep when the lid is closed.
	We have basically jury rigged the laptop to function as a desktop machine for the time being, until he eventually replaces it.
	I suggested that perhaps making the configuration permanent would be a good idea, as he constantly drops his laptop and a desktop setup would prevent this in the future.
	However, he says he would prefer to regain mobility, and I do not really blame him for that.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

