<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>The job search continues &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The job search continues</h1>
			<p>Day 00234: Tuesday, 2015 October 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I tried to update my voter registration information online, but it seems that the government website that is in charge of doing this blocks <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	This is the only government website I know of that does this.
	I&apos;ll need to pick up a paper copy of the form from somewhere later.
</p>
<p>
	I woke up tired today, yesterday was a long day.
	I decided to cheat a bit and try to apply for jobs online instead of walking to the respective locations and picking up applications in person.
	The website of the discount store I was going to apply for asked that applications be printed out and handed in in person, so I briefly considered just walking in to pick up the application after all.
	In the end though, I decided to print out the application instead as I could fill out the application before printing it.
	It would look much neater typed instead of hand-written.
</p>
<p>
	The Web-based application of the restaurant I decided to apply to was a bit unusual in that it asked that I tell what my favorite menu item is.
	I hope that I am not penalized for choosing one of the cheapest items on their menu, but it is what I always order.
	I might get bonus points for being very specific though, as I use a special option that makes the menu item vegan, though I did not mention that as my reason.
</p>
<p>
	The website of the big box store I was going to apply to seemed to block <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	My understanding is that they accept applications only online and via in-store computers, both of which have you set a password.
	It&apos;s not feasible to use my password database from their in-store machines, so online is the only real option.
	Upon trying again with a new <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address though, I found that only some <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes are blocked.
	However, they do not seem to have any open positions.
</p>
<p>
	There are two remaining jobs that I plan to apply for, but not tonight.
</p>
<p>
	I thought I had managed to get out of leaving the house today by applying for jobs online, but later I ended up causing my self an errand that needed to be run in town.
	It was nice being able to put off walking dawn and up the hill for several hours though.
	In Springfield, the ground is pretty level, so I can make it pretty much anywhere in town without difficulty.
	Here in Coos Bay and North Bend though, my house is up on a hill and the streets have many high and low points.
	It&apos;s a pain to make it back home from even the nearest business.
	Anywhere further is usually bothersome to both reach and make it back home from.
	Once I have my new bike set up, it still won&apos;t be very usable in this awful place.
	I really was lucky to live on flat ground before, but I took it for granted until I lost it.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

