<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>Enabling in-browser video playing &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/10-October/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Enabling in-browser video playing</h1>
			<p>Day 00235: Wednesday, 2015 October 28</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I did not have enough today to get a whole lot done.
	I needed to be ready to walk out the door and head to Springfield as soon as my mother returned home from work.
	After getting my stuff ready and finishing a few small projects around the house, I had about two hours.
	That was not enough time to head into town to do anything and still be able to rest a bit before heading to Springfield, and I was not confident that it would be enough time to complete my <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> lesson for the week, seeing as in-browser video playing has not been working on Coursera.
	I decided to use part of that time trying to debug the video problem.
</p>
<p>
	The people in <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23nottor">#nottor</a> said that YouTube does not actually block <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> and that the problem must be on my end.
	If this was truly the case, it could also mean that Coursera is not blocking me from viewing their videos in-browser either.
	The people on #nottor had suggested a few crazy ideas such as using <code>youtube-dl</code> and piping the output into a video player or installing a proprietary system such as Mint.
	But in theory, someone had already given me the real answer in that channel before I got banned for having a poor connection, though I had not had time to act on it at the time.
	That answer should still be in my logs.
	Mousepad did not want to read more than the first 168 lines of the file (the relevant part would have been near the end of the file) and Geany refused to open the file at all, claiming that the log file was somehow a binary file.
	I managed to find the conversation I needed by asking <code>tail</code> to show me the last two hundred lines of the log, and found the <a href="https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/108932/no-video-with-html-5-player-in-youtube-under-iceweasel">packages that I had been told to install</a>.
	<a href="apt:gstreamer0.10-ffmpeg"><code>gstreamer0.10-ffmpeg</code></a> was already installed, but <a href="apt:gstreamer1.0-libav"><code>gstreamer1.0-libav</code></a> was not.
	Installing the latter fixed the issue, both on YouTube and on Coursera.
</p>
<p>
	I should put together a list of these packages that need to be installed to enable basic functionalities.
	Offhand, both this and <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr> support seem like things it would be useful to know how to enable without redoing a bunch of research every time I end up on a fresh copy of the system.
	Making the list public might save other people some time as well.
</p>
<p>
	I also backed up my music archive files to my external hard drive so I could finally remove them from <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newdawn</a>, my laptop.
	This will not only clear some space, but also takes my music collection out of the half-deleted limbo it had been in, where the individual music files had been deleted but not the archives.
	In this state, it would have been difficult to sort new music.
	Archives will now belong on the external drive while extracted and renamed individual music files will belong on the mobile.
	Tomorrow I will back up the rest of the files on newdawn as I&apos;m far overdue for a backup.
	I&apos;m considering next wiping newdawn and reinstalling the system.
	This will serve three purposes.
	First, it will allow me to attempt to perform the install in Esperanto.
	Next, it will allow me to have the system set up completely in Esperanto, or at least as much as Debian will do.
	At the moment, my system seems to be partially in Esperanto because I set Esperanto as my localization long after the install.
	I thought that only a few words shifted to Esperanto because Debian only had a few of the words available in Esperanto, but later, the machine switched a few more labels to Esperanto, so I&apos;m not sure what&apos;s up and why they were not shifted all at once.
	Perhaps this new install will be fully translated to Esperanto.
	Lastly, and probably most importantly, it will give me the chance to once again see what functionality is broken by default.
	When I make my list of packages needed to gain certain functions of the machine, I want it to be as complete as I can make it.
</p>
<p>
	I probably will not get back to writing in this journal tonight.
	I&apos;m headed out now.
	Once in Springfield, I hope to get to the store that sells those stamps that I recently broke my example of.
	We&apos;re also going to do a bunch more packing and haul another load home with us.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F10-October%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

