<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>Attempting to get back into school &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Attempting to get back into school</h1>
			<p>Day 00421: Sunday, 2016 May 01</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Ronsor&apos;s been missing for quite a while now.
	He said that he was shutting down his <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server to switch daemons, but then his <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server never came back up.
	I assumed that he&apos;d borked his onion address in some way, but I asked around in <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>.
	<a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">Wowaname</a>&apos;s also been unable to connect, but she also said that she&apos;s been using the onion address.
	I took a look at Ronsor&apos;s clearnet website though, and that&apos;s missing as well, as is his Minetest server.
	Soon after making my inquiry on #Volatile, Ronsor showed up.
	I suspect that wowaname has some alternate communication channel with Ronsor.
	Ronsor says that he&apos;s fixed his server, but I still cannot see his website or connect to his <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server, and now he&apos;s disappeared again.
</p>
<p>
	Our landlords want to put this house on the market soon, so a real estate agent is going to be coming into our home at some point in the near future.
	We only have about two months longer on our lease, so we don&apos;t have a whole lot of time to move out, either.
</p>
<p>
	I checked on the temp agency&apos;s job board again and it doesn&apos;t look like there are any new options.
</p>
<p>
	I looked into University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>, which claims to be the world&apos;s first tuition-free university.
	To call them tuition-free is a bit misleading though.
	They do charge fees, they just don&apos;t call it &quot;tuition&quot;.
	First, there&apos;s the non-refundable $50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> application fee.
	Just to attempt to get admitted, you need to pay this, and if they decline your application, you don&apos;t even get to ever learn why.
	Second, you don&apos;t have to pay for the courses themselves, but for the courses to count for anything, you have to pay for an exam at the end of each course.
	That means that the courses <strong>*do*</strong> cost, they just are labeling the fee as something other than &quot;tuition&quot;.
	It sounds like the total cost for tests each year is $1000 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
	That&apos;s extremely inexpensive for college courses! It&apos;s still far from gratis though, and their word choice is misleading.
	I filled out the application as best as I could, but they ask for a telephone number.
	I tried to leave it blank, but they say that the information is incomplete so they cannot process it.
	I thought that that would be the end, but I filled it in with a sentence saying that I don&apos;t have telephone service and they accepted that.
	I fear that they will use this as a reason not to admit me and just take my $50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, but I&apos;ll have no way to know for sure if that was the reason that I was declined.
	I asked my mother for advice on this, and she didn&apos;t really have a clear answer.
	She did want to know where Cyrus learned about the school though and if it was the school that he&apos;s planning to attend.
	As it turns out, he learned about the school in a video shown in one of his high school classes, but he&apos;s not attending that university as they don&apos;t offer the major that he&apos;s interested in.
	They also require proof that I&apos;ve completed high school.
	I apologize, but that requirement leads us on a bit of a tangent.
</p>
<p>
	When I graduated high school, my mother <strong>*insisted*</strong> that she get to hold onto my diploma &quot;for a while&quot;.
	She specified no time frame and I was uncomfortable with this even at the time.
	However, I wasn&apos;t really in any position to argue.
	Today, I asked my mother for the diploma, as I needed to make a copy of it to send as proof of graduation.
	She&apos;s lost it though.
	She has no idea where it is.
	I now have no diploma.
	This makes me very angry.
	I can&apos;t let her know that though.
</p>
<p>
	With no diploma, I tried to find information on getting my diploma replaced.
	I never did find a way to do that, but I did find something that will work for now: information on how to get <a href="http://www.springfield.k12.or.us/site/Default.aspx?PageID=227">official high school transcripts</a>.
	This is suboptimal, as the transcripts reveal more personal information than the diploma, but they will have to do.
	The university&apos;s application deadline is May fifth, but I&apos;m not going to make it in time.
	The high school requires that transcript requests be made via fax or post and requires that official transcripts also be sent via post.
	In addition to waiting for the mail in both directions, they say that it will take seven to ten business days to prepare the transcripts.
	If my mother hadn&apos;t taken and lost my diploma, I&apos;d be set, but now I&apos;ll have to try for next semester instead.
	I&apos;ll send in my transcript request via post tomorrow.
	The form to <a href="http://www.springfield.k12.or.us/cms/lib03/OR01000651/Centricity/Domain/23/Transcripts/SPS_Transcript_Request_Form_2015.pdf">request transcripts</a> asks for a telephone number and a fax number.
	I&apos;ve left both blank, but I&apos;m not sure how they will react to the missing telephone number.
	Most people just assume that every other person on the planet has at least one telephone line and are perfectly comfortable giving out the number.
	They don&apos;t even consider the possibility that people might choose not to have telephone service, instead making themselves available via more flexible channels of communication instead.
	The form offers the option to get up to five official transcripts, up to five unofficial transcripts, and the immunization records of the student if the school system has them.
	I decided to get five official transcript copies, as having extras on hand will speed this sort of process later.
	I also chose to get one unofficial copy just so I can see what&apos;s on record.
	A second unofficial copy would be useless to me, as unofficial copies probably won&apos;t be accepted as proof of anything.
	I also chose to get a copy of my immunization records.
	They&apos;ll be beyond outdated by now, but I&apos;d like to know what they have on file about me.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve fine-tuned my email filters a bit now.
	It&apos;s nice not receiving as much spam or political mail directly in my inbox, but even social media mail and routine mail blocks out mail that should be seen right away.
	It used to be that I could be reached very easily via email, but that&apos;s not been the case over the last several months.
</p>
<p>
	It&apos;s come to my attention that my plan to try to get that <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> that <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/">Marc With a C</a> sent me freed is a very bad plan.
	The fact is, it&apos;s a cover album.
	To make sense of that, I should explain my thoughts on music and the law.
	I&apos;m not overly-knowledgeable about legal matters, so if you think that I&apos;m wrong about something, I probably am.
	Do your own research, don&apos;t trust me.
	Anyway, I believe that most &quot;freely-licensed&quot; covers of nonfree songs are actually illegal.
	I highly doubt that the covering artist actually got permission to release a free version of the song, thus freeing the song itself (though not the original artist&apos;s original recording).
	However, it&apos;s not my job to look into it.
	The covering artist might have special permission that I don&apos;t know about.
	Otherwise, it&apos;s the covering artist that&apos;s taking the risk, not me.
	Likewise, I&apos;m not into popular culture.
	Unless explicitly labeled as a cover song, I won&apos;t usually know that a cover song is a cover song.
	I don&apos;t have the time or energy to look into every song that an artist releases trying to figure out if it&apos;s a cover song.
	Even if I did look into each song, I could never prove that any given song wasn&apos;t a cover of some obscure song that I couldn&apos;t find.
	Lastly, and perhaps more importantly, I&apos;m more concerned with the spirit of free music than I am with the law.
	I could probably pirate and remix almost any song that I wanted to without getting caught, especially if I distributed from an onion address that was hosted on a more reliable provider than my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> (as my connection constantly goes down and correlations can be made between my onions because of it) and that didn&apos;t make any mention of me.
	My goal in supporting free music is to support free music artists and draw more attention to them.
	If they call their cover songs free, they are giving up any perceived rights that they had to legally fight those that would reuse their already-reused work.
	For me, that&apos;s enough.
	I choose not to listen to the original nonfree works, but if a covering artist slaps a <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> license on their cover of it, I won&apos;t try to avoid their version.
	That said, I shouldn&apos;t encourage artists to take this risk, nor should I try to get them to try to bargain with proprietary artists for permission to release free versions of the songs.
	Instead, I should try to get artists to release their own copyrighted works under free licenses.
	I can&apos;t try to free this cover <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of copyright, I stumbled upon a Wikipedia article explaining the copyright status of works produced by the United States government.
	I had thought that works created by my country&apos;s government were not subject to copyright, meaning that anything created by my government is in the public domain.
	However, it seems that this <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Copyright_status_of_work_by_the_U.S._government#State.2C_territorial_and_local_governments">only applies on a national level</a>.
	State governments are free to exercise or waive copyrights of their own works as they please.
	Wikipedia didn&apos;t mention Oregon on its list of the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Copyright_status_of_work_by_U.S._subnational_governments">copyright status of works by various state governments</a> and I can&apos;t find any information about the subject elsewhere.
	I had assumed that certain literature provided by Oregon was free, but it seems that it&apos;s probably not.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa, our mother, and I spent about half the day gathering bullet shells in the hills again.
	I point out plants fairly regularly in an attempt to look like I&apos;m having a good time, but now my mother thinks that I might want to be a botanist.
	In truth, the plants are just more interesting than the dirt or the rocks, which are the main other things around.
	I need to try to dial it back a bit, I suppose.
</p>
<p>
	There may be a solution to the fact that <a href="apt:links">Links</a> and <a href="apt:links2">Links2</a> are non-conformant Web browsers after all.
	With the <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/class.domdocument.php"><code>\DOMDocument</code></a> class in hand, I might be able to parse my <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr>-based journal entries and format them differently as plain text files.
	It&apos;s going to take effort and time, but I can make each <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> tag change the plain text output in some way, if applicable.
	Unknown tags will cause an exception to be thrown just to make sure that I don&apos;t overlook something.
	Hyperlinks are going to be a pain to work with, but I think that they&apos;ll be manageable.
	I&apos;ll also need to find a way to set a maximum line length, which will be ignored by long <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s to avoid <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s from being broken.
	I&apos;m not entirely sure what to do with <code>&lt;del/&gt;</code> and <code>&lt;ins/&gt;</code> tags though.
	At worst, I can have <code>&lt;del/&gt;</code> tags disappear from the plain text version of the page and have <code>&lt;ins/&gt;</code> tags render as regular text.
	Hopefully I&apos;ll find a better solution before I implement this.
	The important thing is that now this allows me to tackle a problem in a client that can&apos;t correctly interpret <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> using plain text solutions.
	Almost any client should be able to render a plain text file without problem.
	The only potential issue that I see is that a client may be Markdown-enabled and mistakingly interpret all plain text files as Markdown.
	If a client cannot read <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files or plain text files correctly though, I&apos;m not sure what else to try.
</p>
<p>
	Before I launch myself into a large project like this, I need to finish <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>&apos;s release.
	I&apos;ve completed one of the two remaining test scripts, so the release draws ever nearer.
	It shouldn&apos;t be too long before I can finish the final file and make the release.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

