<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>include.d version 0.0.1.3 &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>include.d version 0.0.1.3</h1>
			<p>Day 00423: <time>Tuesday, 2016 May 03</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	The University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> wrote to me offering me the option of filling out a form saying that I&apos;m having trouble getting proof of my completion of high school instead of providing said proof.
	I might be able to take that option, but their form isn&apos;t on their website and is on a website that maliciously discriminates against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
	I&apos;ll just continue to wait for the official documents to arrive and try to enroll for the term after this coming one.
</p>
<p>
	I found that my new <a href="apt:icedove">mail client</a> leaks <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> queries just like my old one! Because of this, I can&apos;t connect to my onion-based CardDAV server.
	This is both a problem of privacy and one of practicality.
</p>
<p>
	The Copperhead <abbr title="chief executive officer">CEO</abbr> wrote to me about my inquiry from yesterday.
	He says that yes, CopperheadOS makes use of proprietary software, specifically hardware drivers.
	That&apos;s very disappointing.
	At least we still have <a href="https://replicant.us./">Replicant</a> though, which has a strong commitment to freedom.
</p>
<p>
	I wrote up the final test for <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a> only to find that my <code>/robots.txt</code> file interpretation class always seems to say that accessing every part of a website is available to be crawled, regardless of the actual rules specified in the file.
	All this time, I thought that my spider was respecting <code>/robots.txt</code> files, but it hasn&apos;t been! I&apos;m not sure how I didn&apos;t catch this before.
	Surely I did some sort of output testing when I was building the class.
	In any case, it&apos;s been fixed now, and include.d version 0.0.1.3 has been released!
</p>
<p>
	I began work on the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> class needed to convert my weblog entries into plain text files.
	I decided to take it in a slightly different direction than originally planned, and am making it function on entire <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files instead of just the fragments that are my actual entries.
	This way, it should work on any well-formed Web page, not just my own work (not that much of the Web actually uses well-formed documents).
	This might result in my upper navigation showing up in the plain text version of my entries, but that might not be a bad thing.
	Additionally, I&apos;ve decided to use <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>&apos;s <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/book.xml.php"><abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> parser</a> instead of the <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/class.domdocument.php"><code>\DOMDocument</code> class</a>.
	This has the disadvantage that my code won&apos;t be able to handle any page that isn&apos;t well-wormed, even if it&apos;s perfectly-valid <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr>, but the advantage that it&apos;ll be loads easier to write.
	I&apos;m not really a fan of markup that isn&apos;t well-formed anyway, it&apos;s not my job to enable it.
	If someone wants to take the time to build an <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr> to plain text converter, by all means, they should.
	I&apos;m plenty happy only parsing valid <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> pages though, especially as I only need to parse my own pages.
	My class isn&apos;t really meant to be unleashed on the Web anyway.
	It&apos;s built to take one format that&apos;s used for storage and convert it to another that&apos;s used for presentation.
	The fact that my storage format is identical to <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> is only a feature of convenience.
</p>
<p>
	There&apos;s a high probability that the next include.d update will only add this new class.
	The last update got to be a bit large, but it really only had one goal: fix up the output of a single existing function.
	All other additions made were either required in order to fix that function or were the result of more code being added before the main goal could be accomplished.
	The new output required several new classes be added to embody the data more precisely.
	This class is less ambitious, so the update should come quicker and have less changes.
</p>
<p>
	My mother wants us to prepare for the upcoming move, but has given no specific instructions.
	I&apos;ve already set aside a couple of boxes of stuff that I&apos;ll be trying to get rid of at our upcoming garage sale and my stuff is very consolidated.
	After all, I don&apos;t really have much living space.
	She did mention that the dishes need to be done though, so I suppose that I&apos;ll work on that, despite the fact that it&apos;s Cyrus&apos; job, not mine.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

