<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cyrus is being booted from our home &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cyrus is being booted from our home</h1>
			<p>Day 00424: <time>Wednesday, 2016 May 04</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I made some progress in my class that converts <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files into plain text files, but I still have a long way to go.
	Lists are one thing that are in vital need of implementation.
	Without special instructions, lists are probably formatted as just blobs of text with all list items run together.
	I haven&apos;t tested this, but it seems like what my current instructions to the computer would do.
	Additionally, I need to make the navigation disappear from the plain text files, as it&apos;s just an ugly mess and as the links are unclickable, it&apos;s not even helpful to have the navigation displayed.
	I think that if I implement <code>&lt;nav/&gt;</code> tags in my <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr>, I can easily strip out the navigation in the plain text copy of the pages, but I&apos;ll need to look into how <code>&lt;nav/&gt;</code> tags are even used to make sure that I use them properly.
	I&apos;ll also need to make sure that everything within the <code>&lt;head/&gt;</code> tag that isn&apos;t within the <code>&lt;title/&gt;</code> tag is stripped out.
	It won&apos;t make a difference on my pages, but if embedded JavaScript or an embedded stylesheet is used, it should be stripped out.
	Then again, embedded JavaScript should be stripped from the body too, so I should also add parsing instructions that remove <code>&lt;script/&gt;</code> tags as well.
	Additionally, my <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> page footer seems problematic.
	When rendered in text files, if comes through as:
</p>
<blockquote><pre>W3C standards are important.
	This document conforms to the XHTML5
specification and uses a stylesheet that conforms the CSS
specification.</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	My plain text files do not conform to the <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> specification and do not use any <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>.
	I&apos;m not sure how to remove this footer, but I should look for a way when time allows.
	Lastly, I&apos;m going to need to write some code to deal with the updating of plain text files on my website.
	My <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files aren&apos;t clearsigned because clearsigning <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> invalidates it, so I use external signatures.
	Plain text files have no such problem, so they&apos;ll be clearsigned.
	Signatures seem to contain the signing time in some way though, so I can&apos;t sign files and check to see if they match the old files.
	I&apos;ll need to instead strip off the signatures, compare them to the new file contents, then if the two differ, sign the new contents and update the file.
</p>
<p>
	It strikes me that this new <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> class works a bit like reverse Markdown.
	Instead of somehow making a plain text file somehow parsible, sacrificing the ability to use certain characters in the process and adding strange characters to the &quot;plain text&quot; version of a document where they don&apos;t belong, I can use actual markup with actual escape sequences where needed.
	This is what markup was <strong>*designed*</strong> for: to be parsed.
	If I want my output to be plain text, that makes no difference.
	Plain text on the other hand was not meant to be parsed.
	Any attempt to make plain text parsible will likely result in one of two cases: an essentially-new file format that&apos;s fairly readable while still clearly not being simple text in a file, such as the <abbr title="comma-separated values">CSV</abbr> format, or an utter abomination that makes trouble where there needn&apos;t be any, such as Markdown.
	If you want a file to be parsed by a machine, it&apos;s vital that you include escape sequences in your language, or at least use non-printing characters to provide the parsing instructions.
	Of course, non-printing characters make the file too difficult to work with.
	It can be argued that using provided escape sequences makes the document appear less readable without parsing, but it&apos;s far better than not having any escape sequences at all.
</p>
<p>
	It has been brought to my attention that potentially-revealing server information has been accessible via <a href="https://authorednansyxlu.onion/server-status"><code>https://authorednansyxlu.onion/server-status</code></a>.
	The problem isn&apos;t that it reveals information about where I am, as I&apos;m already on the clearnet, but that it reveals information about my other visitors and what parts of the website that they&apos;re looking at.
	With a bit of research, I found that the culprit was <a href="https://httpd.apache.org/docs/current/mod/mod_status.html">mod_status</a>.
	Disabling that was as easy as deleting a particular <a href="file:///etc/apache2/mods-enabled/status.conf">configuration file</a> and restarting <a href="apt:apache2">Apache</a>.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> team seem to be closer to to figuring out where their <a href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/SNI_bug.xhtml"><abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> bug</a> is located in their code.
	They now believe that the bug is in <a href="apt:glib-networking">glib-networking</a>.
	They&apos;re slow to act, but at least they aren&apos;t trying to claim that the bug is a feature and justify keeping it in their code.
	If they get this bug fixed in time for the fix to make it into Debian 9, I&apos;ll be ecstatic.
	I&apos;ll hopefully have a variety of Web browsers using Qt or <abbr title="GIMP Toolkit">GTK+</abbr> that I can recommend to people.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus broke one of my pairs of headphones today.
	Unfortunately, that pair was of one of those uncommon headphone types that have a jack that fits in my mobile protector&apos;s stupidly-tiny jack opening without being such a low-quality pair that they aren&apos;t even worth using.
	It&apos;ll take quite a while to find a replacement for them.
</p>
<p>
	Much of the day was spent cleaning dishes and counters, along with general house cleaning and working on job hunting and code in the in-between spaces.
	However, this wasn&apos;t good enough for my mother.
	She&apos;s having another of her bipolar fits, set off by Vanessa this time, and freaked out at all of us.
	She told me to get out, though she didn&apos;t seem to be serious, and of the three of us, I&apos;m by far the one that she yelled at the least.
	She did get angry with me for continuing my job hunt, claiming that she&apos;d told me that she wants me to stop looking for a job and work on getting us ready to move instead.
	She did say that she wanted help getting us ready to move, but I don&apos;t recall her saying anything about ceasing the job hunt.
	Her mind is so frayed that she often has a warped view of past events, so I&apos;m almost certain that she said no such thing to me.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus took most of our mother&apos;s wrath today.
	She&apos;s behaving much like many divorced parents, trying to force Cyrus and Vanessa to choose one parent and abandon the other.
	Cyrus will do no such thing, so she&apos;s booting him from our household.
	At first, she was saying that he needed to be ready to leave for Springfield by the weekend and he&apos;d need to transfer back to his old school.
	By the end of the day, she&apos;d changed her mind, saying that he could stay long enough to finish school here, but that he should refrain from interacting with her in the mean time.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve decided that I need to be more mobile.
	I need to be ready to leave with very little notice.
	I&apos;ll be sticking around until we move, I suppose, but then I need to get back on the job hunt, as well as hunt for apartments.
	Once I find something, I need to move out as quickly as possible, so having a bunch of stuff to move isn&apos;t ideal.
	I&apos;m thinning down even more than before, and will group everything that I&apos;m keeping into two categories.
	The first category is things that fit in a single box.
	I can put whatever I want in the box, as long as it fits.
	A lot of it will be frivolous, but I deserve to have at least <strong>*some*</strong> personal items.
	The second category is things that I can strongly justify keeping without being able to fit them in the box.
	There&apos;s no room for frivolousness in that category.
	I&apos;ll keep my files, many of which are needed for legal reasons.
	I&apos;ll keep my clothing for obvious reasons.
	Lastly, at least for now, I&apos;ll keep my laptop and server, also with a keyboard and monitor for when I need to work on the server directly.
	The rest of my computer parts that I have collected will either need to be fit into the box or let go of.
</p>
<p>
	I had a couple choices in boxes.
	The first was bigger, but the dimensions didn&apos;t allow for my records to fit.
	I&apos;m not quite ready to part with those unless I can sell them for at least ten dollars each, so I went with the smaller box.
	I&apos;ve found that I have six audio <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s, six of which are freely-licensed and can actually be listened to.
	The nonfree one isn&apos;t my fault, it was given to me without my requesting it.
	I cannot justify keeping my broken ThinkPad X60s, but I&apos;m also not ready to part with it, so that took up a chunk of my box space.
	I haven&apos;t located the cord to it yet though, so that might be either in one of the larger computer part storage bins that I need to go through, or it might just be lost.
	I&apos;ve also gotten rid of three of the four buttons that I purchased from the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> long ago.
	One just has a <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> head and mentions the domain name of the website.
	One says to fight for your right to play <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s, the issue being that some <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s are <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr>ed.
	I don&apos;t think that many companies produce <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr>ed <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s though, and I think that fighting <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr> misses the point anyway.
	The thing with <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr>ed media is that it tends to be nonfree.
	Why should one fight to play nonfree media instead of buying free media instead? The last button mentions &quot;SaaS&quot; (instead of calling it &quot;<abbr title="Service as a Software Substitute">SaaSS</abbr>&quot;), but I don&apos;t know.
	I guess that that was never really my thing.
	The one that I&apos;m keeping, if I even remember where it is correctly, is the rusty one that has the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr>, Linux, and FreeBSD logos on it and says to ask the wearer about free software.
	I&apos;d love it if more people actually wanted to talk about free software and learn about why it&apos;s important.
	I&apos;ve finally decided to get rid of those old <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> propaganda booklets.
	There&apos;s no room in my box of frivolousness for too much nostalgia, and I&apos;ve already decided to keep several other things.
	I can&apos;t in any way justify keeping them outside of the box either, as they&apos;re released under a nonfree license.
	I cannot share them, I cannot show people what the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> has to say.
	To subject people to such nonfree media would be unethical of me, and I can&apos;t really read them myself either.
	All that they are is baggage.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

