<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>He&apos;s been booted again. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>He&apos;s been booted again.</h1>
			<p>Day 00425: Thursday, 2016 May 05</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Our mother came into Cyrus&apos; and my bedroom this morning yelling at Cyrus again.
	She can&apos;t stand the fact that Cyrus loves both of our parents instead of just her.
	I can&apos;t see this ending well for their relationship.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve done a little work on the class that converts <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> into plain text, but there&apos;s still a lot of progress to be made.
	I anticipate that converting <code>&lt;table/&gt;</code>s will be problematic.
	Dealing with the <code>colspan</code> and <code>rowspan</code> attributes of the table cells will be a pain.
	I&apos;ve decided to remove <code>&lt;form/&gt;</code>s from the plain text output, as forms can&apos;t be submitted in plain text.
	Similar to the removal of <code>&lt;nav/&gt;</code> elements (which is now implemented), it&apos;ll clean up the output and make it more readable.
</p>
<p>
	I spent most of the day working on laundry, washing dishes, and especially thinning down my belongings.
	I didn&apos;t really have time to look into my potentially-missing ThinkPad cord.
	I did get a little bit of research done though.
	I&apos;ve located an official list (sort of a list, anyway) of <a href="https://www.w3.org./TR/html5/"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr>5 elements</a>.
	Down ear the bottom of that page, information on each element is linked to, so the link titles give me a fairly-definitive set of elements to work with.
	I plan to account for every valid element in some way, even if accounting for a given element is just making a conscious decision to ignore that element, as I&apos;ll do with the <code>&lt;span/&gt;</code> element.
	I&apos;ve also located a strange <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> scheme registration.
	Instead of registering a single scheme, it sort of registers the whole <a href="https://www.w3.org./TR/html5/iana.html#web+-scheme-prefix">&quot;web+&quot;</a> scheme prefix.
	I&apos;m unsure of what this really means for me.
	No real scheme semantics are given and no schemes with this prefix are formally defined.
	The prefix doesn&apos;t show up on the <a href="https://www.iana.org./assignments/uri-schemes/uri-schemes.xml">official list of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> schemes</a> because it&apos;s not a scheme, but the beginning of a scheme.
	Is there some list of scheme prefixes that I need to look up and account for? I couldn&apos;t find such a list, but that doesn&apos;t mean that it doesn&apos;t exist.
	After all, if there was no list, the registration of the &quot;web+&quot; prefix wouldn&apos;t be meaningful in any way.
</p>
<p>
	When my mother arrived home today, she seemed much less angry than yesterday.
	She did rant about Cyrus and his &quot;problems&quot; while he wasn&apos;t there though.
	I carefully crafted a response to avoid any sort of blaming her, despite her being completely to blame.
	I said that one of the hardest parts of divorce for divorce children was that they had to choose a parent, making sure to say it as if needing to choose a parent was an inevitability, not something that one or more of the parents usually imposes on the children; something that she herself was imposing on her children.
	Thankfully, my careful phrasing paid off, and she seemed unphased by it.
	She did try to justify her unjustifiable actions though.
	She claims that by not choosing a parent, he&apos;s choosing our father over her, which of course is utter rubbish.
	There is no trying to argue with her though, and I know that.
	Once Cyrus got home, she actually asked him about his day, despite having said that she wants him to avoid her yesterday.
	She appeared to take an interest in his tests, as he had tests in every class today.
	(I&apos;m assuming that these were final exams, but he didn&apos;t say.) I thought until that night that things were looking up.
</p>
<p>
	My mother&apos;s school had some sort of literacy fair, so after she and Vanessa took the van to get there, I biked there myself.
	They had gratis books for anyone in third grade or below, but One of the kindergarten teachers offered Vanessa and I each a book.
	The small adult section had brand new books to choose from too! Being ostensibly nonfree, I won&apos;t be reading mine, but perhaps Vanessa will make use of it.
</p>
<p>
	After Cyrus had gone to bed, our mother came in and started yelling at him some more.
	She was also pretty peeved that he wasn&apos;t very responsive, but that was because she&apos;d woken him up and he hadn&apos;t had enough sleep.
	I&apos;d be pretty unresponsive too! She told him to bring his suitcase to Springfield when he heads to our father&apos;s place for the weekend tomorrow, implying that he&apos;s once again officially booted.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

