<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>I may have managed to fix thinkpad-x60s.local.. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I may have managed to fix thinkpad-x60s.local..</h1>
			<p>Day 00432: <time>Thursday, 2016 May 12</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I managed to open up <a href="/en/domains/thinkpad-x60s.local.xhtml">thinkpad-x60s.local.</a> this time.
	I was either more determined than before or I had better tools.
	In any case, there was no sponge in need of ripping in this laptop, but several screws are stripped.
	The fan seems to be a drop-in replacement, I&apos;m hopeful that this is all that&apos;s needed to fix the laptop.
	With how difficult it is to find screws on the inside when trying to dismantle the thing, I left most of the screws out.
	I doubt that this will be the last time that I need to perform repairs, so I want to make it easier next time.
	The components fit so snugly together that there&apos;s really not much chance that parts will be sliding around.
	I tried to use some of the screws from the scrap laptop to replace the stripped screws used on the outside of thinkpad-x60s.local., but the outer shells of the two are too different and the screws are different sizes.
	I can&apos;t really test thinkpad-x60s.local.
	right now, because though I did locate its power cord, I no longer have the instructions needed to boot the thing.
	Libreboot&apos;s default configuration doesn&apos;t account for encrypted hard drives and reconfiguring Libreboot requires writing to the motherboard&apos;s internal memory chip.
	If a mistake is made, the laptop will become unbootable and can only be fixed using special hardware that I don&apos;t have and don&apos;t know how to use.
	Step-by-step instructions were available, but I was always too afraid to try it.
	I may or may not try it at a later date, but for now, I&apos;ll just take the current operation&apos;s ostensible success as a victory and look for the booting instructions tomorrow.
	I might even still have the instruction file saved somewhere.
	It&apos;s probably on my mobile, as I wouldn&apos;t have been able to access the booting instructions when I needed them if they were on my hard drive.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m doing such a good job thinning down that I might be able to keep more than I thought.
	For example, I might be able to keep my random <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> sticks.
	All of the bigger items still need to go, but I thought that tinning down would be harder than it was.
</p>
<p>
	I was running low on clean clothing, so I had to do a load of wash, despite the fact that the washing machine is still leaky.
	As I knew would happen, the laundry room floor was drenched and had to be mopped up.
	It was worth it though, wearing sweaty, dirty clothing sucks.
</p>
<p>
	I dropped off the official transcript copy at the post office for delivery to the university.
	I should probably pay the university&apos;s application fee tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I miss certain games from back when I lived in the proprietary software world, despite not having time for games anyway.
	As such, I&apos;ve been hanging out in the <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/%23Tuxemon">#Tuxemon</a> and <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/%23%23Tuxemon">##Tuxemon</a> channels on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>.
	That game replicate and expands on a game that I used to really enjoy, but ostensibly without all the lock-in garbage and with full source code availability, reusability, and adaptability.
	It&apos;s still alpha-level software though as the developers put it, so it&apos;s not really playable yet.
	(I&apos;d link directly to their website, but it maliciously discriminates against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users with a CloudFlare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall.
	I&apos;ll trust that people that want to find the site will either grab the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> from the linked <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> channel&apos;s topic or perform a simple Web search.) One of the features that I saw mentioned on the main website (and before that, on the forum), is monster fusions.
	You can combine any two monsters in the game to make a new monster.
	These fused monsters aren&apos;t manually coded, but instead generated based on the ingredient monsters, allowing for unexpected surprises.
	In-channel, ShadowApe pinged me and said that they see me drop in from time to time, so I explained that I drop in whenever I can, but that it&apos;s difficult to connect to freenode and usually takes me several hours.
	A bit later, I noticed that they were the sole administrator currently in the channel, so I asked if they were one of the game&apos;s developers.
	They were! I made sure to thank them for their development time and effort, mentioning that I&apos;ve missed this type of game since I gave up nonfree software.
	They said that they feel that this type of game is a perfect candidate for a free software project, as people could get creative and add their own new types of monsters to the game.
	I hadn&apos;t thought about it at the time, but people can also add their own new geographical locations, which is something that people often hack into proprietary types of such games, only for Turxemon, it&apos;d actually be legal to do so.
	We discussed the monster-fusion mechanics a bit, and it turns out that it&apos;s less like fusion and more like breeding, only that all monsters are biologically compatible with all other monsters.
	When dealing with two purebred monsters, their offspring will be a halfbreed, taking on some traits from each of the two monster species.
	I&apos;d read that fusing two fused monsters won&apos;t result in a combination of four creatures.
	Instead, only one gene from each parent monster is passed down, so there&apos;s still a finite number of available monsters, but most of them are things that the developers didn&apos;t explicitly think up.
	I asked about the results of fusing (breeding) two fused monsters that had the same types of parents.
	Is there a chance that you&apos;ll end up with purebred children? As it turns out, that&apos;s exactly how it works! It&apos;s a bit like oversimplified genetics.
	I can&apos;t wait for this game to actually be playable.
</p>
<p>
	I ended up not going to the forested park today.
	I might not go tomorrow either.
	We have to get our yard sale set up, so I imagine that we&apos;ll all be working on that once everyone gets home.
</p>
<p>
	My mother gets on Cyrus&apos; case because he looks at images on some image-hosting site to relax.
	However, I found out today that she does the same thing, she just uses a different website.
	I really hate these double standards.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

