<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Chickens in the forest!? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Chickens in the forest!?</h1>
			<p>Day 00433: <time>Friday, 2016 May 13</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent the morning in a state of laziness and lethargia.
	I didn&apos;t test <a href="/en/domains/thinkpad-x60s.local.xhtml">thinkpad-x60s.local.</a>, I didn&apos;t work on <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>, and I didn&apos;t get anything else done.
	I think that I&apos;ve managed to snap myself out of that funk though, so it shouldn&apos;t happen again, at least for a while.
</p>
<p>
	I thought that we were going to work on setting up for a yard sale today, but that didn&apos;t happen.
	Instead, Vanessa, Cyrus, our mother, and I headed to the hills to look for bullet shells again.
	The hunt didn&apos;t seem to last long though, as we ran across a flock of four black and white checkered chickens that some farmer (or someone else) had abandoned in the forest.
	They couldn&apos;t have been there long.
	Otherwise, the coyotes would have caught and eaten them.
	We decided to try to rescue them and find a new home for them.
	Cyrus had brought tortillas, so Cyrus, Vanessa, and our mother crumbled them up and tried to lure the chickens over.
	Eventually, it mostly worked, and they became less afraid of us.
	It wasn&apos;t quite enough though, so when we tried to catch them, they all ran.
	After much chasing them in and out of the dense trees beside the road, I was able to catch two of them and our mother caught one, but we never did get the last one.
	That chicken will have to spend another night in the woods, trying to stay safe from predators.
	Much to my surprise, chickens aren&apos;t really all that good at defending themselves.
	They were afraid of us, but they didn&apos;t bite or scratch us at all.
	It could be that they weren&apos;t as afraid of us as they seemed, as they did calm down fairly quickly, but they did struggle to escape at first, just nonviolently.
</p>
<p>
	I insisted that we show one of the chickens to our own house cat, Frances, just because chickens aren&apos;t something that she ever gets to see.
	I held the chicken and Cyrus held Frances.
	While holding the chicken this time, they grabbed onto my finger with their foot, letting me feel how warm these birds are! Come to think of it, I&apos;m not sure that I&apos;ve ever held a bird before today.
	I shouldn&apos;t have been as surprised by the warmth as I was though, as birds are warm-blooded creatures like we are.
	The chicken wasn&apos;t really interested in the cat, but Frances smelled the chicken for a while before completely losing interest.
	I set the chicken down so that they could see how the chicken moves, and that caught their attention again.
	Frances was kind of fearful of the chicken though, especially after the chicken had walked onto a bag of bullet shells, making a rustling sound.
	The chicken seemed entirely unafraid though.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly, we put the chickens in the chicken coup out behind the house that we&apos;re renting.
	In all the months that we&apos;ve been here, we&apos;ve not had a use for that, but now it&apos;s come in handy.
	It&apos;ll provide more shelter for the chickens than they&apos;d have had in the forest and the forecast calls for rain tomorrow.
	Their combined body heat within the walls should help as well.
	We gave them a water dish and more tortillas; they have the overgrown plants out there to eat.
	Are we going to try to sell the chickens in the yard sale tomorrow? I&apos;m not sure.
	Cyrus also says that they have a friend that keeps some chickens and that perhaps this friend will want them.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of the rain tomorrow, if it does indeed rain, holding a sale won&apos;t really work.
	In addition to the rain potentially damaging the items to be sold, no one would really be out looking for sales in a downpour.
	From the sound of it, if it does rain, there&apos;s a high probability that we&apos;ll go out and try to rescue the last chicken instead of holding the sale.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

