<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>Embedding parts of include.d &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Embedding parts of include.d</h1>
			<p>Day 00435: Sunday, 2016 May 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I was thinking about gendered pronouns today, and came to the conclusion that they don&apos;t apply to non-human animals or to young children, even if you do use such pronouns.
	I forget at what age children begin to form a gender identity, but until that point, they don&apos;t have a gender yet.
	We also have no reason to think that non-human animals have a concept of gender.
	There is no reason to avoid using the pronoun &quot;it&quot; to describe them.
	I was shown an interesting Wikipedia article that makes me question whether gender is actually completely learned as I thought that it was.
	It may be <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/David_Reimer">mostly-genetic</a> after all.
</p>
<p>
	I wasn&apos;t of much help in setting up for the yard sale as I don&apos;t know what things are to be kept and which we are parting with.
	I did find a place to stash some of the things that we&apos;re keeping to get them out of the way though.
	I ended up putting them in my newly-empty closet.
	I also detangled a huge mess of cords.
	I wish that I could have done more.
	We ended up not holding the sale quite yet.
	We&apos;ll likely hold it next weekend.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus finally filed his taxes (late), but the tax preparation site didn&apos;t like his computer for some reason.
	Due to the fact that he swapped hard drives to preserve his data when our mother takes his laptop (as she&apos;s threatened to do that soon), he doesn&apos;t have <a href="apt:tor"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr></a> installed, so he was connecting from our home <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	However, when I lent him my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>-enabled laptop, the tax preparation website gave him less trouble.
	It still hassled him and kept locking up, but it actually allowed him to start and finish, unlike when he wasn&apos;t using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	I branched <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a> again, this time to work on a small side project.
	Preferably, when people use include.d, they&apos;ll put the whole thing on their include path and allow all other code to include it as needed.
	This setup works particularly well with a dependency-resolving package manager.
	However, there should also be an option to include parts of include.d in a project that uses them.
	This can already be done, but requires manually updating each function/class/constant file when there&apos;s an update to include.d.
	I&apos;m building a function that will take a project and find all of the include.d files that are needed to make it function.
	I doubt whether it&apos;ll be perfect, and it&apos;ll probably make a few assumptions, such as that the include.d constructs in use are imported into a local name space, but it should make the process easier.
	The likely function output will be an array of files or an array of classes, constants, and functions that are used.
	In either case, it can be used to automate such an update.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

