<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>Rushed voting and even dollar amounts &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Rushed voting and even dollar amounts</h1>
			<p>Day 00437: Tuesday, 2016 May 17</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I briefly looked over <a href="http://bbsengine.org./">bbsengine</a> as I said I&apos;d do yesterday.
	The first thing that I noticed was that there&apos;s a JavaScript directory.
	Bbsengine is partly written in JavaScript! Bbsengine is probably specifically for Web development.
	Hopefully it has fallback options for clients without JavaScript support.
	It also incorporates other frameworks, delegating responsibility to them and allowing them to do what they do best.
	That&apos;s probably a good idea.
	Lastly, I checked what I&apos;d actually set out to check first before noticing other features.
	Bbsengine&apos;s own code, the code not inherited from other frameworks, is not namespaced.
	That makes it easier for bbsengine to conflict with other frameworks and libraries.
	I recommended the <code>\org\bbsengine</code> namespace to jonez, and jonez agreed that the code should be namespaced.
	However, they first built it in the pre-<abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>5 era.
	(Namespaces were added in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> 5.3, which is why I won&apos;t touch a <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> interpreter that&apos;s older than that.) Because bbsengine spans both <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> and JavaScript, it&apos;s outside the scope of what I do, so I can&apos;t properly evaluate it.
	It serves a use case that I don&apos;t understand.
</p>
<p>
	Back to working on my own library, <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>, I briefly considered the possibility of renaming the <code>\st\y\uri\known_scheme</code> abstract class and using the <code>\st\y\uri\known_scheme</code> name for an interface.
	This would allow functions and methods to request that their arguments be objects of a class that implements <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s of a known scheme without requiring that that scheme&apos;s syntax actually conform to valid <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax.
	I quickly dismissed the idea though.
	There&apos;s no particular reason why a function or method would need to know that the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-like object has a known scheme and <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-like strings that don&apos;t conform to <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> syntax shouldn&apos;t be grouped with actual <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s any more than they already are with the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> interface.
	I started work on implementing the <code>aaas:</code>- and <code>aaa:</code>-schemed &quot;<abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>&quot; classes, but quickly backtracked.
	I&apos;ll probably undo most of what I did today when I next work on include.d.
	I&apos;ve also set up a page to keep track of all the <a href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/non-conformant_scheme-specific_syntax.xhtml#aaas"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> schemes that make use of illegal scheme-specific syntax</a>, which I will add to as I progress.
</p>
<p>
	I paid a visit to the local forested park again.
	First, I rode to the other side of it, where the map is, so that I could plot my route through it to reach all of the landmark posts.
	I found a fairly efficient route with minimal backtracking, and memorized a few patterns that the numbers on the posts made so that I could make sure to hit each one.
	On one side of the park, the posts were in mostly-numeric order, but on the other side, one path used even numbers while the other side used odd ones.
	I couldn&apos;t help but notice that three post numbers were skipped though, left entirely off the map and probably left out of the park: posts zero, thirty-one, and thirty-three.
	If I&apos;d tried to visit the posts on order as I&apos;d originally planned to do days ago, the missing post zero wouldn&apos;t have thrown me, but the missing posts thirty-one and thirty-three would have confused me to no end.
	I&apos;m glad I instead decided to plot a route that ignored the order of the posts.
</p>
<p>
	I forgot to mention on <a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/15.xhtml">Sunday</a> that my mother found a random person online that wanted the chickens that we&apos;d found.
	My mother says that from the looks of how they and their child handled the chickens, they looked like they knew what they were doing and were who they claimed to be.
	They claimed to already have several chickens.
	My mother was worried that they might want to use them as targets or something, but seeing as they knew what they were doing, my mother was no longer worried.
	My mother recognizes knowledgeable chicken-handling because they grew up on a farm herself.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been busy lately and totally forgot about the upcoming election.
	It doesn&apos;t help that I&apos;ve been a bit out of the political loop either, seeing as political groups are jam-packing my inbox to the point where I couldn&apos;t process it all.
	Luckily, a friend reminded me that ballots were due in today.
	I didn&apos;t have time to research every candidate, so I didn&apos;t vote for every office as I&apos;d originally intended to.
	Instead, I voted for Sanders and against Clinton, then did some quick research on the other two country-level offices.
	(I believe that these offices were for Senator and House Representative, but I was in a rush, so I didn&apos;t really take note.) I chose the first candidates that I found on the list of options that seemed to support net neutrality from what I could see online about them.
	For all other offices, if there was one person running (as was the case for many offices), I voted for them, and otherwise, I didn&apos;t vote for that office.
	I would have loved to vote for the state, precinct, and county offices, but an unresearched vote is worse than no vote, and I simply didn&apos;t have time.
	It seems that all the republican presidential candidates dropped out aside from Trump, so as the presidential election was the only one that my mother cared enough to bother with and they&apos;re registered as a republican, they decided not to vote.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus, Vanessa, our mother, and I all went out to the hills again to look for bullet shells.
	Along the way, our mother was talking about all the ways that their students were annoying them as usual, and part of it had to do with a pseudo-money math exercise.
	I asked if all the prices were in even dollar amounts, to which they replied that no, some of the pretend items cost only one dollar.
	I tried to explain that one dollar is an even dollar amount, but they insisted that it wasn&apos;t; it was an odd dollar amount.
	I tried to explain that even dollar amounts have nothing to do with even and odd numbers, and that it just means whole dollar amounts, but as usual, they insisted otherwise.
	I swear, my mother sucks at understanding basic concepts, especially when mathematics or technology are even tangentially involved.
	One time, they even argued to the figurative death that if you flip a coin twice, there&apos;s a one hundred percent chance that you&apos;ll get a heads, but also that a one hundred percent chance doesn&apos;t mean that an event is guaranteed to occur.
	I never could get through to them about percentages, and I didn&apos;t even bother to try today with the concept of even dollar amounts.
	It&apos;s simply not worth the argument.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

