<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>We need to get out when we can. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>We need to get out when we can.</h1>
			<p>Day 00439: Thursday, 2016 May 19</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent much of the day weeding the flowerbeds again.
	This time, I found some of those thick-leafed, cerated desert plants that hoard water in their leaves like a cactus does in its thick stem.
	What are desert plants doing in a coastal flowerbed? They say that you&apos;re not supposed to water such plants often as they&apos;ll easily drown, but they survived our constant rainfall.
	Then again, I think I&apos;ve seen an occasional cactus patch planted in Springfield as well, so maybe they are more resistant to water than people say.
	When my mother got home though, they told me off about the weeding, saying that I should know better than to think that that was a good use of time.
	They&apos;re the one that said that we should probably weed in the first place though! She said that I should instead wash the dishes, finish sorting my belongings, and work on sorting family belongings based on if we are keeping them or not.
	I cleaned the dishes as asked, though that&apos;s normally Cyrus&apos; job.
	There&apos;s no reason why I&apos;d think to do that instead of weeding.
	Admittedly, I should have finished sorting my belongings by now.
	It&apos;s so difficult to give up almost all of your belongings though, so I&apos;ve put finishing off longer than I should have.
	As for sorting the family stuff, I can&apos;t really do that.
	If I was the one actually deciding what needed to stay and go, it would be different, but as-is, I can only make guesses.
	A bit later, my mother started going off about how they were evicting Cyrus, then the two of them went down to the bank to clean out Cyrus&apos; bank account, leaving Cyrus with nothing.
	Our mother didn&apos;t actually evict Cyrus as they said that they would though, so that was a relief.
	They&apos;re staying around for now.
	This really doesn&apos;t feel like a stable home for any of us.
	After we move, I need to find a job, save up, and get myself out of here.
	If Cyrus wants, they can come too, and Vanessa can join us when they come of age and can legally choose to move out.
</p>
<p>
	I told my mother about my &quot;one box&quot; plan the other day, my plan to keep only one box of items that aren&apos;t strictly necessary.
	The first thing that they asked was if my computer would fit.
	They were implying that computers aren&apos;t a necessity in this day and age! I can&apos;t even apply for certain jobs without a computer and I certainly can&apos;t check my email for responses to job applications and resumes without one.
	In any case, I&apos;m now going to try to pack my laptop in my one box, further limiting my space.
	I can&apos;t pack the server in the box though, as it won&apos;t even fit in the box even if it&apos;s the only item there.
	I argue that I need it to keep my sanity and for data backups, so hopefully my mother won&apos;t try to get me to get rid of that as well.
	I&apos;m already trying to keep the number of frivolous belongings that I have to a minimum, I deserve to have at least something that I can keep.
</p>
<p>
	Another of my teeth started falling apart now.
	One of my back teeth now has a jagged break and is cutting into the inside of my cheek a bit.
	I inherited bad teeth from my mother, there&apos;s not much that can be done about this.
	I have a lifetime of bad tooth heath to look forward to.
	I&apos;ll have the dentist take a look at this tooth too when I get in for my appointment.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

