<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Not selling records and CDs after all &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Not selling records and <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s after all</h1>
			<p>Day 00441: Saturday, 2016 May 21</p>
		</header>
<p>
	While we were setting up for the yard sale, my mother jokingly asked if I wanted a broken-off piece of a curtain rod that was kind of ornate.
	In response, I jokingly said that it wouldn&apos;t fit in my box, so they said that they were good at packing and could make it fit.
	I explained that I was already having enough trouble making things fit and that I have an extra box of things that I haven&apos;t made fit or gotten rid of yet.
	I still need to consolidate these two boxes into one, so adding more stuff wasn&apos;t a likely possibility.
	They said that it must be nice being able to fit all my stuff into a single box, but that struck me as kind of odd.
	Yes, all my stuff will fit in this one box by the time I&apos;m done, but it&apos;s because I&apos;m getting rid of most of the things that I care about, which is something that they could do as well.
	Carefully wording my reply, I explained that it was because I was getting rid of items that I actually wanted to keep, making sure not to say anything that could be interpreted as a statement that they should do the same.
	I don&apos;t care if they thin down as much as I, but a misinterpreted statement might set them off again.
	Before moving to Coos Bay though, I had already gotten rid of everything that I wanted gone.
	The only things left are those that I still want to keep.
	They replied that I didn&apos;t need to get rid of that much, that because they were thinning down too, I wouldn&apos;t need to thin down as much.
	Thankfully, they haven&apos;t picked up on my real motivation.
	They always accuse me of being a burden because I don&apos;t drive a motorized vehicle.
	They say that part of the countless trips between houses are my fault, as my stuff is amongst what was/is being brought.
	If I can fit all of my stuff crowded in the front seat with me, that&apos;s space that isn&apos;t being taken up by my stuff; less that they can try to accuse me of.
	The single box is an arbitrary line that I drew, as without some sort of line, there would be no measurable goal.
	I can&apos;t just take what I think will fit in the front seat with me, as I still need to account for my necessities, which will likewise be up there with me.
	However, though they previously questioned my need for a computer, they are now saying that I don&apos;t need to thin down so much.
	I think that I might stash <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml"><code>//newdawn.local.</code></a> in its laptop case, leave <a href="/en/thinkpad-x60s.local.xhtml"><code>//thinkpad-x60s.local.</code></a> in the box as originally planned, and stash cords in the laptop case with <code>//newdawn.local.</code>.
	With the cords and <code>//newdawn.local.</code> no longer taking up space in my box, I think that I can fit the rest in.
	It&apos;s worth noting though, in case I haven&apos;t already said this, that the one-box plan won&apos;t be concluded after we move.
	It&apos;s a new life style in which I can be ready to pick up and go with little notice.
</p>
<p>
	Unfortunately, my mother didn&apos;t want me to try to sell my <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s if I wasn&apos;t going to severely mark them down, so sadly, I didn&apos;t even get to try selling them.
	I thought it best not to mention the records and I had had the same plan with them, so I left those inside and out of the sale as well.
	If I&apos;d have been able to sell my two full-size records, it would have also helped with my box situation.
	Those two records are too tall and require a taller box.
	If I was able to use a shorter-but-wider (not wide enough for the records though) box, I&apos;d actually have more space.
</p>
<p>
	Most of the day was spent setting up the sale and watching the sale, but we didn&apos;t get many customers.
</p>
<p>
	I was able to get my mobile to read some Ext4 <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards, just not the one that I need it to.
	These cards are all too small.
	If the mobile <strong>*is*</strong> reading these Ext4 cards though, maybe the problem isn&apos;t the mobile after all.
	Maybe the card is damaged in some small way that the mobile can&apos;t tolerate but that a laptop can tolerate without error.
	At the same time though, the mobile can read the card that I want read if I format it as <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>, which hints that the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card isn&apos;t the one that&apos;s broken.
	I&apos;m not sure what to do.
</p>
<p>
	I needed to work with <a href="apt:keepassx">KeePassX</a> today, which apparently is the first time that I&apos;ve used it since upgrading to Debian Testing.
	I&apos;m not happy with it.
	First of all, it uses a new database format and refuses to write using the old format.
	It&apos;ll read the old format, it just can&apos;t export or save to that format.
	This means that I can no longer share a password file between my mobile and my Debian system as KeePassDroid uses the old format.
	I would write this off as KeePassDroid being the problem as it&apos;s using an outdated format, but KeePassX is presenting other problems as well that are clearly downgrades from past performance.
	For example, the old KeePassX defaulted to using twenty-five character passwords, but the new one defaults to using sixteen-character passwords.
	This can be changed, but it&apos;s still a worse default.
	More importantly, KeePassX no longer allows you to use spaces during password generation and doesn&apos;t offer the option to specify a custom character set.
	Some pesky websites demand non-alphanumeric characters in passwords but disallow several of the normal candidates.
	Short of regenerating the password a few dozen times, the only option was to specify a custom character set that included all alphanumeric characters plus the non-alphanumeric characters that the website allows/requires.
	This is no longer an option though.
</p>
<p>
	Two of my mother&apos;s friends came over to spend the night, though the four of us went out to dinner first.
	They seem like nice people, though the younger of the two seems to be obsessed with a particular proprietary game series.
</p>
<p>
	I decided to relax my requirements for my abstract <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> base class.
	Simply put, I need serialization and deserialization to function as string typecasting and instantiation, respectively.
	This is non-negotiable.
	String getting and setting only needed to be implemented in the abstract class to allow the string typecasting method to be implemented in the abstract class; it allowed the string typecasting method to know where the needed data was stored.
	Child classes can do all sorts of strange things though.
	They don&apos;t have to store the data where they should and there&apos;s no reason to try to make them.
	It would be nice to have the <code>__tostring()</code> method always output something semi-reasonable, but by removing that requirement, I can get everything else that I want out of the abstract class.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

