<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Dental appointment &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Dental appointment</h1>
			<p>Day 00443: Monday, 2016 May 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My dental office visit today began with filling out several sheets of paperwork.
	most of it seemed reasonable, but a few of the questions were strange.
	Two in particular stood out to me.
	One asked if I felt safe at home.
	Honestly, I don&apos;t really.
	The head of the household is unstable and I&apos;m almost certain that they&apos;re bipolar.
	They&apos;ve threatened to boot Cyrus, Vanessa, and me several times, and they <strong>*did*</strong> boot Vivian at least twice.
	Likewise, I can&apos;t even take care of my own nutritional health here.
	It&apos;s not the safest place to be, but it&apos;s the best that I have for now.
	I considered leaving this question blank as I didn&apos;t want to answer it, but fearing that that would set off some red flags that might lead to something, I lied and said &quot;yes&quot;.
	The second oddball question asked how much I fear dental work.
	In truth, dental work mortifies me! I wasn&apos;t going to put that on the form though.
	I keep my fear on the inside very well, and it isn&apos;t going to interfere with any procedures that they perform.
	With no obvious downside to leaving that one blank, I did.
</p>
<p>
	The main thing that they did today was just take radiographs of my teeth.
	I forgot how much those hurt! The radiation itself doesn&apos;t hurt of course, and the subtle feeling that I got from it was likely psychosomatic, but they have one bite down on this small piece that digs into the roof and floor of one&apos;s mouth.
	I didn&apos;t count them, but it felt like they took about thirty radiographs by the time that they were done.
	For a few of them, they pointed the x-ray machine directly at my eye, which was kind of scary! I don&apos;t think that they&apos;d do that if it was likely to cause a problem, but I&apos;ve had severe eye issues in the past, so the thought that something might damage my eyes further wasn&apos;t a pleasant one.
	After taking a look at my teeth, the dentist said that five of my teeth couldn&apos;t be saved and would have to be removed.
	I asked about implants to replace them, but it seems that my insurance will only cover implants if I am missing six non-wisdom teeth and three of my bad teeth are wisdom teeth.
	I probably don&apos;t need my wisdom teeth, I suppose, but having a missing other tooth on each side of my mouth is going to be inconvenient.
	The dentist wanted me to get another radiograph taken, but the necessary equipment in their office.
	Instead, they wanted me to go all the way to Bandon tomorrow to another of their offices! I&apos;m not sure what kind of radiograph that they&apos;re after, but I explained that I use my bicycle for transportation and that that was quite a distance to bike! They said that insurance would actually cover a taxi ride though, and arranged for a taxi to pick me up tomorrow.
	I guess I&apos;m going to Bandon tomorrow.
	Lastly, it seems that they didn&apos;t actually need to see my photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> or my insurance card, despite having told me I&apos;d need both in their last letter to me.
	It&apos;s better to have them and not need them than to need them and not have them though.
</p>
<p>
	Later in the day, one of my two main bad teeth broke further.
	It&apos;s frustrating, but I suppose that it doesn&apos;t matter too much.
	After all, that whole tooth is going to be removed.
</p>
<p>
	For some reason, my <a href="apt:weechat"><abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> client</a> has been connecting and disconnecting to and from the Volatile <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network every ten minutes, which has been annoying <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a>.
	The ten-minute interval implies that <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is involved somehow.
	<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> changes circuits every ten minutes, so it&apos;d be an amazing coincidence if the similar intervals were not related.
	I don&apos;t know whether the issue is caused by my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> instance or the instance running the Volatile onion address, but because of the issue, wowaname banned me from <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>! This is highly insulting.
	People in #Volatile, including wowaname themselves, constantly flood the channel with Unicode art.
	When they do this, it disrupts conversation and makes it impossible to read what other people are typing.
	Wowaname has no problem with this and in my opinion seems to encourage it.
	I never disrupt conversation like this.
	However, wowaname considers one join and one part that I can&apos;t control only every ten minutes, that&apos;s two lines added to the channel each time, to somehow be the bigger problem.
	Clearly wowaname has their channel-moderating priorities backwards.
</p>
<p>
	My mother insisted that I ask the dentist tomorrow when I go in for the next radiograph if I&apos;ll be put under.
	They claim that they need to know if they&apos;ll need to pick me up once I get out.
	I refused the ride, but they wouldn&apos;t take &quot;no&quot; for an answer.
	I&apos;ll ask tomorrow I suppose in order to avoid conflict, but the ride isn&apos;t happening.
	If they were going to put me out, they should have mentioned that already, especially if it was going to leave me incapacitated after the operation, so I doubt that anything like that will happen.
	If they are going to put me out though, I&apos;ll verify that I&apos;ll still be fine to either walk or bike home.
	If I won&apos;t even be able to make the trip on foot safely, I&apos;ll cancel the procedure rather than get the ride.
	Because the teeth are to be pulled, it&apos;s not like there&apos;s still a chance to save them if they are taken care of soon enough.
	There&apos;s no urgency.
	It&apos;s bad enough that I&apos;m taking a taxi to Bandon, I&apos;m not also getting a ride to somewhere so close.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

