<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>Rediscovering SuperTux &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Rediscovering SuperTux</h1>
			<p>Day 00449: <time>Sunday, 2016 May 29</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	The landlords never did come into the house to look at the light fixture.
	Instead, they exclusively continued work in the yard.
</p>
<p>
	Mostly, I took the day off.
	I decided to play SuperTux for a bit, but that had gotten uninstalled when I upgraded my Debian installation to Testing.
	Upon reinstalling it, I found that the old version of SuperTux wasn&apos;t present; instead, it was <a href="apt:supertux">&quot;SuperTux 2&quot;</a>! Previously, SuperTux 2 was just the unstable version of SuperTux.
	The &quot;2&quot; was just present in package names to allow the unstable version to be available in package managers that wanted it while still allowing the stable version to be available alongside it.
	I thought that it&apos;d never stabilize because any stable version would just be released as &quot;SuperTux&quot;.
	While I wasn&apos;t paying attention, the SuperTux team released a new stable version: version 0.4.0.
	My best guess is that because it&apos;s so different from their last stable version, version 0.1.3, they decided to use the <code>~/.supertux2</code> configuration directory and avoid any buggy behavior cased by old configurations/saves; to just start fresh.
	The application menu item may have been left with the name &quot;SuperTux 2&quot; and the window title bar left with the name &quot;supertux2 v0.4.0&quot; just for consistency.
	It also seems that SuperTux now has an Esperanto language pack! The system language (Esperanto) was detected by SuperTux automatically, but the language pack in use is also configurable.
	This game even has <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> game pad support, though it doesn&apos;t seem to work by default.
	In order to get controller support to work, you need to enable the &quot;Manual configuration&quot; option, at which point the default controller configuration becomes active until you change it.
	Some of the defaults worked with my game controller (which is how I was able to tell that the controller wasn&apos;t working at all without the manual configuration option active, but some configuration was necessary in order to make certain actions (such as jumping) possible.
	Perhaps some controllers work entirely with the defaults, but it might still be nice to choose your own preferred button layout.
	Once properly configured, game controller support works perfectly! In addition to the game controller being better for gaming than a keyboard, my keyboard doesn&apos;t respond well to having more than two or three keys pressed at a time, so using the controller instead is an easy way to bypass that issue.
	I have to say that SuperTux is much more polished now than it used to be.
	It plays like a professionally-made game now! There&apos;s even new challenges such as the task of collecting every coin in a given level and eliminating every enemy in a given level, either of which can be complicated by paths that can only be traveled once, such as those built from falling platforms.
	Though I do plan to revert my system to Debian Stable when I have time, I&apos;ll pull this new SuperTux version from the backports repository.
	I love this new SuperTux and don&apos;t want to go back to the old version!
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

