<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>Attempting to debug SD card support &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/05-May/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Attempting to debug <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card support</h1>
			<p>Day 00451: Tuesday, 2016 May 31</p>
		</header>
<p>
	<a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">Wowaname</a> has now banned me from <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Network">#Network</a>, presumably because of the join/part cycle that my client is going through every ten minutes.
	No one even says anything in that channel though! The claim that two lines every ten minutes is somehow more disruptive than the walls of Unicode art that the other channel members love to post was bad enough, but now I&apos;m being banned from a channel in which I can&apos;t disrupt anyone at all.
	I&apos;m leaving Volatile, at least until wowaname and I can come to some sort of an understanding.
	For now, there&apos;s no point staying on a network in which I&apos;ve been banned from the main channel and in which I&apos;m going to end up banned from the other channels one by one.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://www.joshwoodward.com./">Josh Woodward</a> sent out a link to the second album promised to Kickstarter backers, though it seems that this album was abandoned and forgotten until recently when Josh remembered that he needed to send it to those that paid for it.
	They said to keep this album to ourselves for now because they plan to take the songs from the abandoned album and use them elsewhere, though they didn&apos;t provide the promised <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files, just like with the main album, <a href="https://www.joshwoodward.com./mod/song/view_album.php?album_id=16">Addressed to the Stars</a>.
	Unlike with Addressed to the Stars though, I wasn&apos;t able to find the back door link to the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files and there might not even be one.
	I wrote back to Josh asking about the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files for both albums, so we&apos;ll see how they respond.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to debug my mobile a bit again, but it didn&apos;t go any better than last time.
	When I first booted it, it claimed that encryption was &quot;unsuccessful&quot; and that a factory reset would be required.
	I was worried that the internal storage drive had a few flipped bits or something rendering the device unable to decrypt, but the message provided was likely put there with the intention that if the initial encryption process had failed, the drive data would be unreadable and that message would be displayed.
	The message also mentioned that any data that wasn&apos;t backed up by Google&apos;s services would be lost.
	No doubt this is a remnant of Android&apos;s code that Paul, the <a href="https://www.replicant.us/">Replicant</a> developer, had missed due to that mention of Google&apos;s services being unseen in most cases and Paul not having the proper team to help them that they deserve.
	A simple reboot fixed the data issue, though I still didn&apos;t manage to get the device to work with Ext4 <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards.
	As an experiment, I tried using an <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card with an encrypted file system.
	In this case, the mobile complains that the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card is blank or has an unsupported file system.
	The thing to note here is that it says that the card is unreadable, but does <strong>*not*</strong> say that the card is damaged.
	However, every time that I try to use the Ext4 file system, the mobile claims that the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card is damaged.
	The mobile also until recently had no problem reading Ext4 <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards.
	I pulled out a small pile of <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards to test with today, and strangely, none of them worked when formatted as Ext4, unlike last time.
	Before, I managed to get one of my eight gigabyte cards to work, but was unsatisfied because that was too small of a card.
	Today, I tried two sixteen gigabyte cards, an eight gigabyte card, and a four gigabyte card.
	None of them worked.
	I also had a two gigabyte card, but it doesn&apos;t seem to work on the laptop, so I really had no way to format it for use on the mobile and didn&apos;t even try.
	Strangely, all of these <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards that I tried were formatted as <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> before I formatted them for this experimentation.
	The other day though, I formatted some cards as Ext4 for experimentation that day.
	Somehow, these aren&apos;t the same <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards from before.
	Where are my other <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards? Maybe they&apos;ll turn up later and I can settle for the eight gigabyte card that worked before, as I planned to do today.
	Without working storage, my mobile doesn&apos;t function as the music player that I mainly use it for these days.
</p>
<p>
	Lastly, the <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> reconnection cycle that my client has been going through on <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/">Volatile</a> is now present on another network, namely, <a href="ircs://authorednansyxlu.onion:994/">my own</a>.
	I can now say with relative certainty that the issue is on my end, not Volatile&apos;s.
	I still see no need for me to be banned in a channel that is in favor of and actively encourages frequent flooding, but if I cared about this &quot;problem&quot;, I now know to look within my own computer and/or network to find what&apos;s going wrong.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F05-May%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

