<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/clovers.xhtml"/>
		<title>Four-leaf clovers &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/clovers.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories/clovers.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Four-leaf clovers</h1>
			<p>Rehashing old memories</p>
		</header>
<p>
	This page is a mess.
	I&apos;m in the middle of construction, so there&apos;s much debris.
	Please ignore this page for now.
</p>
<p>
	When I was a young child, I used to hunt four-leaf clovers fairly often.
	I&apos;d look for them next to the parking lot at my elementary school, which is where I found most of mine, but when Summer would take me on yard sale sprees, I&apos;d look for them in other people&apos;s yards too.
	I didn&apos;t know what to do with them after finding them, but it was always exciting to find yet another one.
	It feels like I found hundreds, but that&apos;s probably my memory playing tricks on me.
	I&apos;m certain I found dozens though.
	I found a half dozen in one sitting sometimes.
	Summer and Vivian joined in too.
	I don&apos;t think they got into it as much as I did, but they both certainly found them as often as I did when we looked together.
	At one point, Summer started pressing the specimens we found.
	I&apos;m not sure if she ever did anything with them after that, but why not give them to her?
	I wasn&apos;t going to do anything with them.
	They wilted fairly quickly after being plucked.
	I wasn&apos;t going to keep them.
</p>
<p>
	I found at least two or three five-leaf clovers too, which was even more fun.
	I&apos;d never heard of those before.
	I never believed the superstition about the four-leaf ones bringing good luck, but I <strong>*had*</strong> heard the superstition, so I had heard of four-leaf clovers.
	But five-leafers?
	No one ever seems to talk about those.
	At one point, I found a six-leafer and a nine-leafer.
	I found them in at recess in the middle of the school day though, and by the time school had gotten out, I&apos;d lost them.
	In retrospect, maybe they were stolen?
	I don&apos;t know.
	In any case, Summer never believed me that I&apos;d found them.
</p>
<p>
	I found a seven-leafer too at one point.
	This one was much more bizarre than the others though.
	I always assumed clovers with more than three leaves were mutants.
	But this one showed just how mutated it was.
	It looked outright unhealthy.
	I mean, it was plenty green and vibrant, but it had leaves growing out of the central vain of other leaves and leaves partly fused with leaves
</p>
<p>
	If I recall, Summer claimed never to have found so many as we - Summer included - had found at the school.
	It might have been just that we looked more for them there than she&apos;d ever looked for them.
	Maybe that&apos;s not something she&apos;d taken the time to do.
	In retrospect, that was probably the case, as I was finding them in all sorts of places, not just at the school.
	However, with them seemingly common there and my thinking they were mutants, it made me wonder about the health of the area.
	Was all the car exhaust from the school&apos;s parking lot we were finding them near harming the clovers, and causing them to mutate?
	That was my theory at the time.
	The parking lot only had room for a single row of cars, but you pulled in directly from the street.
	It was one of the town&apos;s main roads, too, so it was a rather busy street.
	Not the sort of place you want to put a school, if the car exhaust there is enough to cause mutations.
</p>
<p>
	The car exhaust probably wasn&apos;t actually causing the mutations, though research does indicate that having more than three leaves in clovers, or rather, leaflets, is indeed a mutation.
	We&apos;re not really sure why it happens though, and it&apos;s a decently-common mutation.
</p>
<p>
	Summer actually had some clover-looking plants in her flowerbed when I was growing up.
	They were larger than clovers by far though, and had different flowers.
	She called them shamrocks, but I never understood, as I was convinced that shamrocks were just four-leaf clovers.
	Research these days showed me that shamrocks aren&apos;t four-leaf clovers, but just clovers in general.
	And those plants weren&apos;t clovers.
	I&apos;m not sure what they were though, but they were likely somewhat related to clovers.
	I think I remember the leaves either being red or having red on them, but I don&apos;t rightly recall.
	They might have been <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oxalis_tetraphylla">Oxalis tetraphylla</a>, a plant known to resemble clover and have four leaflets.
	I never really took the time to find out what they might be until I wrote up this page though, so my memory of them is rather faded.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fclovers.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fclovers.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

