<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2019 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/gender~_sex~_and_sexuality.xhtml"/>
		<title>Gender, sex, and sexuality &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/gender~_sex~_and_sexuality.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories/gender~_sex~_and_sexuality.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Gender, sex, and sexuality</h1>
			<p>Rehashing old memories</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Summer, my mother, thought I had a crush on a girl back in elementary school.
	I didn&apos;t.
	I had no interest in her.
	I guess I thought she was pretty, but more in an I&apos;d-like-to-look-like-that-too sort of way.
	She was Mexican, and had a dark, Latin skin.
	I&apos;m pale and ugly.
	I guess I&apos;ve always thought Latin skin looks nice.
	My pale, white skin doesn&apos;t look great, but at the same time, lack skin is a bit too dark for me.
	Latins have a nice balance; a mid-tone brown.
	Don&apos;t get me wrong, I&apos;m not racist and don&apos;t really care what colour of skin you have.
	It&apos;s your personality and your intelligence that matter.
	But that doesn&apos;t mean I don&apos;t have a visual preference, and I think Latins have the nicest skin colour.
	This girl also had a pretty name, one I haven&apos;t heard used elsewhere.
	It could be a common name in Mexico, I don&apos;t even know, but where I live, she seems to have a unique name.
	Anyway, Summer hassled me about this girl for a couple decades.
	I always denied having a crush on her, but that only made her hassle me harder.
	She just couldn&apos;t get it through her thick skull that she could have been wrong about my feelings for her.
	Or maybe, she believed me, but thought my reaction to her hassling was funny.
	I found it highly frustrating though.
	To claim I would have a crush on anyone was to question a core aspect of my being: my asexuality.
</p>
<p>
	It was in late elementary school or early middle school that I learned about sex and it being where babies come from.
	I thin kit was in my final year of elementary school though.
	I knew right away that that wasn&apos;t for me.
	I decided I&apos;d die a virgin.
	I didn&apos;t have the word for it yet - asexuality - but the idea of sex thoroughly repulsed me.
	As a male, it was my job to stick my penis inside a female?
	Gross.
	Why would I want to put any part of my body inside any part of someone else?
	It&apos;d be fine, I guess, if it was my hands.
	But anything else was off the table.
	And I couldn&apos;t understand why a female would allow a male to stick any part of his body inside hers.
	I wouldn&apos;t want someone sticking body parts inside me!
</p>
<p>
	As I understood more about the process, I realised it would be terrible for me to reproduce anyway.
	I was a genetically-inferior specimen.
	I&apos;d inherited bad genes from both my parents.
	My mother has weak teeth and poor memory.
	My father has weak teeth and eczema.
	There&apos;s a history of cancer and heart disease on both sides.
	Wouldn&apos;t the human race be stronger if those of us with bad <abbr title="deoxyribonucleic acid">DNA</abbr> simply chose not to reproduce?
	I would never advocate forcing others not to reproduce, and I&apos;d never advocate genocide of such people the way some dictators have done.
	But if it was willing, wouldn&apos;t refraining from passing on bad genes be the noble thing to do?
	I couldn&apos;t make the same mistake my parents had made.
	I just wouldn&apos;t allow myself to inflict my genetic problems on someone else.
	Much later in life, I came to the realisation that it doesn&apos;t even matter how bad my genetics are.
	All deaths are caused by the creation of new lives.
	Even if I had perfect genetics, if I created children, I&apos;d be necessarily causing those children to one day die.
	Their deaths would be directly my fault, and I couldn&apos;t live with that.
	I&apos;d also be indirectly responsible for the deaths of my later descendants too, as while I wouldn&apos;t have chosen to create the later descendants, I could have still prevented their creation by not creating my direct children.
</p>
<p>
	I guess soon after that is when I started imagining myself with a vagina.
	I never wanted to use it for sex, but thought I&apos;d rather have a vagina than a penis.
	I guess I told Summer about that, though I don&apos;t remember actually doing that.
	At some point, I learned there was a surgical option, but I never considered it a possibility.
	I didn&apos;t know about the hormonal treatments that are also needed, and I wasn&apos;t aware that the procedure isn&apos;t perfect, but I feared surgery.
	I sometimes wished longingly that I&apos;d been born a female, but figured there was no feasible way for me to correct the problem.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve always hated my birth name.
	My hated my birth given name, but my birth middle name was even worse.
	I didn&apos;t really understand until around 2017 why I had such a problem with these names.
	They were just too masculine.
	I guess I should have realised a lot sooner, given that I didn&apos;t even want to be male.
</p>
<p>
	In high school, I suppose I found one girl physically attractive.
	It wasn&apos;t a strong attraction, and I definitely made sure to keep it a secret.
	I went over a decade without admitting it; this page here is probably my first admission of it.
	I found sexual attraction to be a shameful thing.
	I mean, it&apos;s an instinct that serves for reproduction, and nothing more.
	And I&apos;ve always viewed reproduction as something I should avoid at all costs.
	I never attended any school dances, as I never had anyone I&apos;d want to go with.
	Not even the girl I was attracted to.
	I mean, I thought she was pretty, but I never once even wanted to spend any time with her.
	It was never like that.
	She was just a girl I shared a couple classes with.
	If I <strong>*had*</strong> wanted a relationship with her though, I would have no doubt kept that fact to myself and definitely would have refrained from acting on it.
</p>
<p>
	I don&apos;t recall when, but at some point, Summer took me to a doctor to have my testosterone level checked.
	I was too afraid of Summer to resist the test, but it scared me because of its implications.
	What would be the point of getting my testosterone level checked if there wasn&apos;t a plan to <strong>*act*</strong> on it?
	I always told myself I&apos;d resist treatment though.
	I&apos;d refuse testosterone supplements tooth and nail.
	I didn&apos;t want to be manlier.
	I thought being manlier would be stupid.
	I didn&apos;t like the way men seemed to think, though I wasn&apos;t yet aware that I wasn&apos;t a man.
	In retrospect, if Summer pushed the issue, I&apos;m not sure I&apos;d have the emotional strength to resist for long.
	She tore me down so much that I didn&apos;t really have the strength to resist much.
	But if they were taken orally, I could have kept the pills in my mouth and spit them out later, so while some of it would have still gotten into my system, most of it wouldn&apos;t.
	Sure enough, the test came back saying I had low testosterone.
	But Summer never even seemed to seriously bring up the issue.
	I mean, before the test, she said we could get a testosterone supplement prescribed if my testosterone was low, but though I never verbally said anything about it, she never brought it up after the test.
	Maybe she read my body language and saw how appalled I was by the idea.
	I just don&apos;t know.
	I don&apos;t remember well enough how I even acted when the idea came up.
</p>
<p>
	I had a gay friend in high school.
	I didn&apos;t find him attractive in any way, but he seemed nice as a person, mostly.
	And my only complaints had nothing to do with his sexuality.
	I&apos;ve never had a problem with gays.
	I figured anal sex was no worse than vaginal sex; both were gross.
	I guess I didn&apos;t think about lesbians.
	What they did had nothing to do with me because I had a penis.
	They used to telephone me frequently though, and we&apos;d spend hours talking.
	I always found the experience to be wearisome, but I didn&apos;t know how to tell them that I didn&apos;t want to talk.
	I certainly enjoyed speaking with them in person, but I&apos;ve always hated telephone calls.
	Summer usually saved me from these calls after we&apos;d talked for about an hour, so the calls didn&apos;t get even longer.
	She&apos;d say we were tying up the line, and she was usually waiting for a call from her sibling, and this was something I could easily tell my friend without feeling guilty.
	Really, it&apos;s not me saying I&apos;ve got to go, it&apos;s Summer!
	Summer said he must be sexually attracted to me.
	I explained that he knew I was asexual, so he wouldn&apos;t try something with me.
	She didn&apos;t buy it.
	And in retrospect, she was probably right.
	This boy knew what I was, but thought he could change me.
</p>
<p>
	Once high school ended, I started work at a restaurant.
	There, I soon got stationed as one of the two main dough-makers, the other being the assistant manager at the time.
	We got along great, but they always said that I must be repressed, due to not believing in asexuals.
	I guess they were right about me.
	That said, repression saved me from a lot of garbage I&apos;d otherwise have to deal with from Summer, and I&apos;m not sure how I would have possibly gotten by back then if not repressed.
	But they weren&apos;t right about everyone.
	Asexuals do very much exist.
	Anyway, they thought I just needed to try sex, and assumed me to be heterosexual.
	They said that they&apos;d been like me until a girl&apos;d raped them, then they found they actually enjoyed the experience.
	I think &quot;rape&quot; was an exaggeration, to be honest, especially the way they described it.
	Well, maybe not.
	They said no, and the girl pushed them onto the bed and said it&apos;d be fine.
	They resisted somewhat, though it didn&apos;t sound like they resisted a whole lot.
	At the time, it didn&apos;t seem like rape to me, as there wasn&apos;t really any force involved, but in retrospect, there was also no consent, so if their description was accurate, it was indeed rape.
</p>
<p>
	At the restaurant, one of the girls working there kept trying to date me.
	I kept declining, and explaining that I was asexual, but they didn&apos;t really stop until they quit working there.
	Later, they stopped by and were pregnant.
	At that point, I realised I&apos;d dodged a major bullet.
	Like most people, they were the type that wanted children.
	Assuming they could even get me in bed (which would be unlikely at that point in my life) and there&apos;d been an accident (there&apos;s absolutely no way I would ever impregnate someone intentionally), she&apos;d probably have the child.
	She wouldn&apos;t be on my side, and likely wouldn&apos;t be fond of the idea of abortion.
	I might be able to talk her into it, but I somehow doubt that&apos;d go over well.
</p>
<p>
	I also had a customer once tell me I had pretty eyes.
	I really didn&apos;t know how to respond to that, but it made me uncomfortable.
	Keep in mind though that I was still repressed at this time in my life.
</p>
<p>
	At some point after high school, I started taking online courses, not worth any credit, in my free time.
	One course I took was on the medical difference between sex and gender, and what the differences between genders is.
	In some ways, this paved the path I now walk.
	I understand that there&apos;s legitimately a difference, one that even medical science recognises, so I don&apos;t buy into crap people try to serve about how I should act like a man because I&apos;m male.
	Being male doesn&apos;t make me a man!
	However, this course didn&apos;t cover everything.
	It didn&apos;t cover the non-binary gender, or even the intersex sex.
	It focused on the binary, and that messed up my thoughts about myself for years.
	In particular, the course mentioned how men have a tendency to directly say what they mean, which is something that I do.
	It mentioned that women tend to be more subtle, then expect you to pick up on clues.
	At that point, I figured that if that was the cost of being a woman, not only must I already be a man, but I didn&apos;t even <strong>*want*</strong> to be a woman.
	Sublety has a place, and can be a very good thing.
	But it&apos;s obnoxious and counterproductive when someone won&apos;t tell you directly what they want from you.
	For a time, I accepted the place society wanted to box me into: the role of a man.
	Sure, I was never into sports, weight-lifting, working on vehicles, tools, or other manly things.
	But at least I said what I meant, and that was very important to me.
	Of course, I later learned there&apos;s isn&apos;t a hard line between being a man and being a woman.
	Some of us are in-between, and that&apos;s fine too.
	Not being a woman didn&apos;t mean I must be a man.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m not sure where to stick this in, but I used to think girls should stop dressing in girl clothes because it&apos;s socially acceptable for them to wear boy clothes and the separate clothing style is ridiculous.
	I thought this from near the beginning, all the way up until I understood that it wasn&apos;t the girls that needed to change.
	It was the boys.
	I now understand though that it&apos;s the boys that need to let go of the nonsense and dress however they like.
	It&apos;d be so much better to remove ridiculous limitations on those that are under them, not impose those same limitations on everyone else.
	Thankfully, this seems to be the way society is moving.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2019 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fgender%7E_sex%7E_and_sexuality.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fgender%7E_sex%7E_and_sexuality.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

