<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/gifts.xhtml"/>
		<title>Gifts &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/gifts.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories/gifts.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Gifts</h1>
			<p>Rehashing old memories</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Summer has always had bizarre attitudes when it came to gifts and gift-giving.
	It was also never safe to expose what you actually cared about to her when I was a child because she&apos;d weaponize it later and use it against you.
	Because of these things, and because she lacks the empathy needed to understand what people actually like, she tended to give really bad gifts.
	It was to the point that I asked her not to give me anything whenever she&apos;d ask what I wanted.
	She&apos;d never accept that though, as when she wanted to give gifts, she felt she had a right to, even though when her friends give <strong>*her*</strong> gifts when she asked them not to, she&apos;ll drop the unwanted gifts back off at their door.
	She&apos;s never really been able to see that unwanted gifts are unwanted gifts if she&apos;s on the giving end.
	I also had to talk my siblings into not giving me anything I actually wanted, as that too would open up windows for her to attack me through.
</p>
<p>
	I found one particular aspect of her bizarre gift-giving attitudes particularly noteworthy: she hated cash being given, and would prefer just about anything be given ahead of cash, even if she was neither the giver nor the receiver and the receiver preferred cash.
	At one point, I finally bought my first domain name.
	With it, I finally had something I could claim I wanted as a gift without it being easily weaponized and that I actually had a use for: domain name renewals.
	These proved problematic for Summer though.
	She didn&apos;t like them, because the best way to get me what I wanted was to hand over cash.
	Vanessa actually tried doing this one one occasion.
	However, Summer insisted that Vanessa give <strong>*her*</strong> the cash, then instead give me a hand-written certificate that was &quot;good for&quot; a domain name renewal.
	Except this certificate couldn&apos;t be redeemed with any registrar, and could only be redeemed with the giver, Vanessa.
	So had I ever redeemed it, Vanessa would then have had to pay double, once to me and once to Summer.
	And in the end, Vanessa would still have ended up handing me cash, so it didn&apos;t even bypass the cash-handover that Summer detested.
	Of course, I felt that redeeming such a certificate would be the same as begging for a gift, so even if it didn&apos;t mean Vanessa paid twice, I wouldn&apos;t&apos;ve done it.
	Such certificates aren&apos;t gifts, as far as I&apos;m concerned, but invitations to beg for gifts.
	I honestly don&apos;t know what Summer was hoping to achieve here.
	I somehow don&apos;t think she was trying to pull money out of Vanessa or steal the gift, even though that&apos;s what she ended up doing.
	I think it&apos;s just another expression of her insanity, her lack of empathy, and her tendency to project her own thoughts onto others.
</p>
<p>
	On the topic of certificates, she once gave me an actual certificate to visit a raptor centre.
	I&apos;m not sure what the deal was with that.
	I&apos;d never even expressed an interest in birds.
	I mean, I know I expressed false interests around her at times either to throw her off so she couldn&apos;t properly attack me with the things I did care about or to make her feel good by expressing an interest in her own interests, but I never thought to do such a thing with birds.
	They just never caught my attention much, so this gift was completely out of the blue.
	And then, there was the fact that she made herself so unapproachable.
	We children couldn&apos;t really ask her to take us anywhere without being met with backlash, so I could never ask her to take me to this raptor centre, which I had no idea where was.
	And it would have cost to get in, because the certificate was only valid for one person.
	There was no feasible way to use this certificate as a child, and nothing ever became of it.
	I kept it for years until I lost it, probably in one of our moves, just to look at it every once in a while and marvel at what a bizarre gift it was and wonder what she was possibly thinking.
</p>
<p>
	Another thing Summer has always done is either mention that she&apos;s going to get you something, or outright ask if you&apos;d like it, then when you decline, get it for you anyway and wonder why you aren&apos;t happy with it.
	Like, seriously.
	If you say you don&apos;t want it, why does she think that you do?
	Again, I get that I&apos;ve always had to hide my true interests to defend myself from her until I moved out.
	However, I&apos;m not sure how much of that she understood was going on.
	And if she did know, one of two things would be the case: either I had no interest in it and didn&apos;t want it or I did have an interest in it and didn&apos;t want it used against me.
	If the former, having it wouldn&apos;t really be of benefit, and if the latter (which never happened because she didn&apos;t have a clue what I actually liked), having it would be torture.
	Either way, I don&apos;t win.
	Either way, it&apos;s a terrible gift.
	If she was going to give unwanted gifts, she could at least choose gifts that she hadn&apos;t been directly told were things I didn&apos;t want.
	It wasn&apos;t just me, either.
	My siblings noticed the same thing happening with them when they&apos;d express disinterest in things.
	It kind of makes me wonder if Summer was doing it on purpose.
	If she was though, she was very good at hiding it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fgifts.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fgifts.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

