<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/suicide.xhtml"/>
		<title>Suicide &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/suicide.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories/suicide.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Suicide</h1>
			<p>Rehashing old memories</p>
		</header>
<p>
	When I was younger, I always felt like I wasn&apos;t supposed to exist.
	That I was a mistake of nature.
	Later, I learned how people are created, and I knew immediately that I was never to breed.
	My genes were flawed, and it was my responsibility to refrain from passing them on to the next generation.
	I&apos;ve never believed that people should be forced not to breed.
	However, I believed back then that if those of us with genetic issues and flaws were to willingly weed ourselves out of the gene pool, the human species would be stronger for it.
</p>
<p>
	I suppose my thoughts on the matter have changed, though not in a way that changes the end result.
	I&apos;m not a mistake of nature.
	The simple fact is that to make mistakes, you have to have intent.
	Nature is chaotic, and has no intent.
	Life just tries to replicate itself.
	Usually.
	There are a few of us that intentionally break the cycle, but the majority of us either breed or die before we can.
	But with life necessarily comes death, so to inflict someone with life is to inflect them also with death, and I could never do that to anyone.
	So I still won&apos;t be breeding.
	You&apos;re supposed to <strong>*love*</strong> your children.
	Inflicting death on them isn&apos;t a very loving act.
	The most loving thing I can do for them is to not create them.
	I think I have the right to make use of what life I have, and exist as long as I&apos;m willing and able to, but I have no right to inflict life and death on others.
</p>
<p>
	As a child though, when I thought I wasn&apos;t meant to be, I was a bit suicidal at times, especially after Summer had just thrown one of her tantrums and gone off on me about how terrible I was.
	She tore me down though, and made me weak.
	I didn&apos;t have the courage to end myself quickly.
	Instead, I repeatedly tried to starve myself to death, but within a day or two, the sharp edge of her words would have worn off a bit, and my fear of death would kick in more.
	So I always backed down before I&apos;d even gotten close to dying.
	At one point, I actually ran away from home one night after she&apos;d screamed at me about something that wasn&apos;t even my fault.
	I figured I&apos;d just starve to death somewhere were no one would have to deal with it.
	I was out on the porch when she&apos;d yelled at me though, and had no shoes or coat on because I didn&apos;t expect to be out there long, and I didn&apos;t really feel like I could head in to get them.
	It was a miserable hour or so before I gave up, being as weak as she made me, and I returned home.
	In retrospect, I should have stayed gone.
	I shouldn&apos;t&apos;ve tried to starve myself, but instead, gotten myself found.
	I could have ended up in a foster home or something.
	It wouldn&apos;t be ideal, but it&apos;d likely be better than where I was, and I could have begun my emotional healing a couple decades earlier than I did in the end, back when there was much less damage to heal from.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2020 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fsuicide.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Fsuicide.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

