<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2019 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/telephony.xhtml"/>
		<title>Telephony &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/memories/telephony.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories/telephony.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Telephony</h1>
			<p>Rehashing old memories</p>
		</header>
<p>
	If you&apos;ve read a lot of my journal entries, you&apos;ve probably been under the distinct impression that I can&apos;t stand telephones.
	This impression would be absolutely correct.
	I have a deep-seated distaste for telephones that goes way back to my childhood.
	I still find telephone calls to be rather inconvenient, but I go to far greater inconveniences and hassles just to avoid telephone calls because I can&apos;t stand how ridiculous the telephone system is set up on a technical level.
	Your chat handle isn&apos;t a human-meaningful sting.
	It&apos;s a number.
	but it&apos;s not a machine-meaningful number either, and has to be looked up in lookup tables before the telephone call can be routed.
	It&apos;s the worst of both worlds.
	I&apos;d put up with telephones if they at least used <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> so proper, human-meaningful, and sub-nameable strings could be used.
	But even if that were the case, I&apos;d definitely not take delight in taking or placing telephone calls.
	And I especially wouldn&apos;t appreciate people pestering me with telephone calls or <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> when I was out and about.
	Below are a few stories of my past past dealings with telephones.
	I don&apos;t think any of them really shaped my opinion of the technology, but they show that my distaste for telephones is nothing new.
</p>
<p>
	I remember Summer used to go on outings with Vivian, searching for hidden objects using <abbr title="Global Positioning System">GPS</abbr> coordinates, and leave me behind.
	I was never the golden child.
	I asked to come along, but never got a chance to.
	Eventually, she picked up the pace, and would get dozens in one go.
	Vivian could do that, as she&apos;d worked her way up to that point with Summer, but I didn&apos;t want to go anymore, as on the odd occasion in which she&apos;s take me, which she started doing rarely, I had to jump from not doing any of the hunts to suddenly being stuck on a trip where I had to do tonnes of them.
	I hadn&apos;t built up the stamina nor the patience for it.
	I couldn&apos;t stand it when she finally took me, so I stopped asking, and didn&apos;t go often.
	But summer would phone home for whatever reason, often to give pointless information that wasn&apos;t relevant or useful to anything.
	And while I heard the telephone ring, I ignored it.
	It wasn&apos;t my telephone line and wasn&apos;t my problem.
	And I didn&apos;t want to deal with telephone calls.
	But then Vivian snitched on me, and told Summer I always ignored the telephone.
	After that, Summer made me always go listen to the answering machine if she was out and the telephone rang.
	If it was her, I was required to answer.
	I could hear the telephone from just about anywhere in the house, but to make out who was calling, I had to run to the room the telephone was in.
	I hated being a slave to that infernal device.
</p>
<p>
	When cellphones (actual cellular telephones, not these so-called &quot;smartphones&quot; that aren&apos;t telephones at all, but pocket computers) were first coming out, Summer was vocal about how terrible they were, and how they were a blight on society.
	People would use them while driving, putting people in jeopardy, et cetera.
	And I don&apos;t recall for sure, but she might have thought that people don&apos;t need to be tethered to everyone else when they&apos;re out and about.
	How clingy.
	But maybe I&apos;m just projecting, because I don&apos;t like people being able to pester me no matter where I am.
	If I&apos;m not at home, you can wait until I get home to pester me.
	Seriously.
	But then she got a cellphone.
	And she liked it.
	If I recall, she got it for emergency situations while she was out in the woods looking for hidden objects with her <abbr title="Global Positioning System receiver">GPSr</abbr>, but I honestly don&apos;t remember for sure.
	And that&apos;s when she hated on <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>.
	It was a lazy way to communicate, not to mention that it was expensive.
	And her friends were inconsiderate.
	She kept telling them not to text message her, because she got charged for it, and to call instead.
	But they wouldn&apos;t listen, and she had to foot the bill.
	She wonders why I hate <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>, but honestly, she hated <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> too and was very vocal about it.
	I don&apos;t hate it for the same reasons, and I don&apos;t hate it because of her, but it&apos;s odd she doesn&apos;t consider that she might be the reason I hate it; that she rubbed off on me before changing her mind.
	But yeah, she kept telling her friends not to <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> her, and kept telling them about how it cost her money to receive these messages whether she wanted them or not, and how her carrier wouldn&apos;t let her block them.
	She&apos;s always been a Verizon customer, and we all know how Verizon screws over their customers every chance they get.
	Eventually, she gave in and sprung for the unlimited <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> plan, which cost more than what she wanted to pay, but less than what she was getting charged because of her inconsiderate friends.
	After that, <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> started to grow on her.
	These days, she seems to think it&apos;s the best thing ever, and it seems to be her favourite way to communicate.
	If you try to reach her another way, such as via email, she tends to get a bit weird about it.
	Now, she doesn&apos;t understand how someone could not want a cellphone, not want to carry one everywhere, not want to communicate via telephone call, or not enjoy sending and receiving <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages.
	I&apos;ve never known her to have a problem with placing or taking telephone calls, and she seemed to like that method of communication even when landlines were the only telephony option, but the rest of that?
	She was opposed to all of it at one point, yet lacks the empathy now to see why anyone might not enjoy conforming to this new societal norm.
</p>
<p>
	When I was in high school, I had a gay friend who really liked to talk via telephone.
	I got enough of them during the school day, and while I&apos;d be happy to have them over at my place or happy to go over to theirs if Summer wasn&apos;t against my visiting or taking visitors, dealing with them via telephone was always a huge drag.
	And they liked to talk for over an hour at time.
	They tended only to get off once Summer complained we were tying up the line and made me get off the telephone.
	I always found that to be a huge relief; the call was finally over.
	These telephone calls were probably the most boring thing I had to deal with.
	Summer thought this friend had a crush on me.
	And in retrospect, she was probably right.
	But I had no sexuality back then, and was completely oblivious to that sort of thing.
	Even now, I&apos;m pretty oblivious to it.
	And if you&apos;re trying to woo me, making me sit on hour-long telephone calls is no way to do it.
	I can&apos;t stand telephone calls, and the longer they are, the worse I find them to be.
</p>
<p>
	Summer tried to get Vivian and I to carry cellphones.
	Actual cellphones, not the so-called &quot;smartphones&quot; that would be popular later on.
	Vivian carried hers.
	I&apos;m not sure if she actually wanted it, and with how over-controlling Summer is, Vivian was never able to use it as she liked and to call or be called by who she liked, but she carried it like a dutiful child.
	I, on the other hand, rejected the idea of carrying a telephone before we&apos;d even gotten the things.
	Summer tried to push a bit, but saw I wasn&apos;t budging.
	She replaced the landline with a cellphone, but that telephone was still considered to be the home telephone for as long as we had it, except at least for a time later, she considered it to somehow be mine.
	She tried again to get me to carry it at that time, and her lover at the time tried to push as well.
	They almost had me, until they tried to call it &quot;my&quot; phone.
	At that point, I went back to rejecting it with full force.
	I was reluctant to carry it at all, but I certainly wasn&apos;t going to put up with them considering such an infernal device to be my own.
	And if I never used, touched, wanted, or chose to have the device, how could it possibly be mine?
	If I recall, I first tried getting them to stop calling it mine, but when they wouldn&apos;t, I took the only countermeasure available to me.
</p>
<p>
	Later, I came to understand that the term &quot;smartphone&quot; was a misnomer.
	These devices aren&apos;t telephones at all, but full-fledged computers, albeit weak ones.
	They are configured and equipped to handle telephony, but at one point, so was my laptop.
	That didn&apos;t make my laptop a telephone either.
	Soon after I came to this understanding through the <a href="https://replicant.us/">Replicant project</a>, Summer started talking about trying to get me and Vivian on iPhones.
	Vivian didn&apos;t go for that.
	She said it wouldn&apos;t be of any use to her, and that the basic flip-phone she had would suffice.
	I&apos;m not sure if she barely tolerated the flip-phone and certainly didn&apos;t want to have to deal with more or if the flip-phone was really something she wanted.
	Either way, I had a different take on things.
	The iPhone was obviously useless to me.
	But Summer wanted me on her mobile plan, so maybe I could make use of that with a different device.
	I researched which devices functioned with Replicant, and found none of them were compatible with her <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr>-based carrier.
	I started researching other plans from other carriers, which I planned to pay for myself, and started leaving pamphlets for them around the house to hint to Summer.
	I talked to her directly about my search for a good plan, but she didn&apos;t really seem to take it seriously.
	I thought seeing the pamphlets might get her to see that I was serious.
	It didn&apos;t.
	I decided upon the GT-i9300, and sat on that decision for a while.
	Finally, one night, I talked to her about my decision to get a GT-i9300 and a which carrier I&apos;d chosen.
	She asked questions, but didn&apos;t object like I thought she would.
	It turns out it was because she still hadn&apos;t taken me seriously.
</p>
<p>
	I ordered the device and bought the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card in person, and when Summer found out, she was pissed off.
	She asked why I hadn&apos;t talked to her about it first.
	I had though.
	When the device arrived, I ended up carrying it around the house without installing the system for a bit because I wasn&apos;t sure what Summer was going to do next, and I thought I might have to try to return it or something.
	She begrudgingly let me keep it though, and I got the thing set up.
</p>
<p>
	I don&apos;t remember how it came up, but she mentioned <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> on my device, so I told her my device didn&apos;t use <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>, and used email instead.
	I didn&apos;t tell her this, but I&apos;d disabled the <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> application, which was present on the device and at that point could be disabled.
	In later Replicant versions, it wouldn&apos;t be possible to disable this application through the main application-disabling interface for built-in applications that you can&apos;t outright uninstall, and you&apos;d have to install a root-access-using application to do that for you.
	At this point though, disabling it was a breeze, and dropped it from the application list without hassle.
	And I didn&apos;t want to deal with <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>.
	with email, I could use a full-sized keyboard if I was at home, but still send messages when I was out when I needed to.
	It was the best of both worlds.
	There was absolutely zero reason for me to randomly start using <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> just because I now had a mobile.
	I&apos;d been using her carrier&apos;s <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> gateway to email her my work schedule to her <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> box, where she preferred to receive it, for quite a while by this point.
	I sent her the schedule as I usually did, but this time using the mobile&apos;s email client, and she got pissed off.
	She claimed that I wasn&apos;t sending it via <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> because I was trying to hide my telephone number from her, which she had not even asked for.
	If she wanted it, all she&apos;d have to do is ask.
	I reminded her that my device didn&apos;t use <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>, and gave her the number.
	I don&apos;t recall if I emailed it to her or spoke the number, but either way, she now had it.
	I told her she could call me, but <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages wouldn&apos;t get through, so to continue sending <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages to my email address.
</p>
<p>
	She later tried to message me as she often did, and wasn&apos;t happy her messages weren&apos;t getting through.
	We sat and tried to debug.
	One thing I decided to try was sending messages in the other direction.
	She hadn&apos;t missed any of my messages yet that I&apos;d been aware of, and I wanted to be sure nothing had changed on that front.
	It&apos;s a good thing I tried that.
	She said the message got through, but on the wrong message thread.
	There should have only been one that conversed with me.
	It turns out she had intentionally started sending messages to my <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> box.
	I wasn&apos;t getting the messages because she hadn&apos;t listened to me any of the times I&apos;d told her the device didn&apos;t do <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messaging, and instead used email.
	Even if she thought she somehow knew better than me about the availability or lack-of-availability of <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> on my device, she knew very well that I preferred email on my end.
	I didn&apos;t send to her email inbox, as she didn&apos;t like that, and sent to her preferred inbox, her <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> inbox.
	There was no good reason for her not to return the favour.
	I&apos;m glad to this day that I&apos;d disabled the <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> application for a couple reasons.
	First, I didn&apos;t receive any of those messages.
	I didn&apos;t have to be bothered by them just because Summer wanted to be a pain.
	Second, I was able to hand the device to her right away without any further configuration, and <strong>*show*</strong> her that there was no <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> icon in the application menu.
	There was no way she was going to think to go into the settings on an operating system she wasn&apos;t familiar with to look for a disabled <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> application when I was claiming there not to be one at all.
	What really gets me though is that she was trying to force <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> on me, when I clearly didn&apos;t want it.
	I don&apos;t think she remembered when her friends were forcing it on her.
	It wasn&apos;t okay when they did it, and wasn&apos;t okay when she did it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2019 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Ftelephony.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2Fmemories%2Ftelephony.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

