<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>I have my system beep back! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I have my system beep back!</h1>
			<p>Day 00391: <time>Friday, 2016 April 01</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t work on job hunting today like I should have.
	However, I made major progress on <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>.
	In fact, the main goals of the working branch have been met and I can merge and release at any time now! That said, there are still other <code>@todo</code> items left, so I&apos;m going to try finishing them before the release.
	I started working on completing these lesser tasks, and I&apos;ve noticed that making visible progress is now a lot easier with the main goals accomplished.
	Before, every time that I&apos;d complete a few tasks, a few more would come up.
	Now, the remaining tasks seem unencumbered by unnoticed and/or new tasks.
	When I finish a task, I actually make a step closer to having my code where I want it.
	I&apos;m down to four <code>@todo</code> tags to deal with, only half of which are even code-related.
	Still, I&apos;ve also run across bugs that I hadn&apos;t noticed before.
	After I think that I&apos;m finished with all my <code>@todo</code> tag items, I should probably get back to writing up the debug scripts.
	It would be kind of stupid to release a version of include.d in which some of the classes and/or methods didn&apos;t pass even the most basic of checks.
	Some of the bugs I&apos;ve found caused exceptions to be thrown or errors to be raised even with basic use.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus damaged his laptop by dropping it the other day, physically dislodging his headphone jack.
	He seems to make a habit of dropping his computer, but that&apos;s beside the point.
	After having done that, his speakers quit working.
	His theory is that the machine thinks that headphones are still plugged in, so the speakers were being kept off to accommodate, as most people don&apos;t want to use headphones and the speakers at the same time.
	He started changing his <a href="apt:xfce4-mixer">Audio Mixer</a> settings though, and managed to get the speakers back on.
	Later, he offhandedly mentioned that his computer has been beeping since he got the speakers working, which he didn&apos;t like.
	Somehow, he&apos;d activated the system beep using Audio Mixer! I asked him to show me what he&apos;d done so I could replicate it, and it seems that he&apos;d turned on just about every control toggle that he could find, and one of them happened to be labeled &quot;beep&quot;, which he hadn&apos;t notice before.
	We were able to turn his beep off and mine on.
	I&apos;ve really missed that beep, it used to alert me to all sorts of things.
	It seems to go off when I plug the laptop in, unplug it, or receive new emails, though I forget what all it did on <a href="/en/domains/thinkpad-x60s.local.xhtml">thinkpad-x60s</a>, on which it seems to be turned on by default.
	Additionally, it used to alert me to receiving messages on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>, but I don&apos;t see an option to have it do that on <a href="apt:weechat">WeeChat</a>, so that functionality might be lost to me for now.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

