<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>I need some redundancy for my music storage. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I need some redundancy for my music storage.</h1>
			<p>Day 00393: <time>Sunday, 2016 April 03</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t have a whole lot of time today, so I didn&apos;t finish documenting that function/constant autoloading class from yesterday.
	I did work on it long enough to hit a snag though.
	It seems that phpDocumentor doesn&apos;t like the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> <code>...</code> operator.
	The problem is that phpDocumentor tries to make sure that your code is syntactically valid.
	As <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> evolves, phpDocumentor&apos;s syntax validator falls behind.
	There&apos;s no reason for a documentation generator to validate syntax of code used within a function or method though.
	In any case, it seems that my documentation will appear broken until I finish building my own documentation parser.
	There&apos;s a workaround in which I can use different code to accomplish the same goal, and phpDocumentor likely won&apos;t complain about this workaround, but it&apos;s ugly.
	There are several reasons that the new <code>...</code> operator was added to the language, and this is one of them.
</p>
<p>
	I forget why I was glancing through his albums online, but I noticed that Mark With A C has renamed his album that was once known as &quot;An Introduction To Marc With a C&quot;.
	It&apos;s now called <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com./album/an-introduction-to-marc-with-a-c-free">An Introduction To Marc With a C (FREE!)</a>.
	What&apos;s with that? I thought that all his albums were free.
	Furthermore, I thought that all but his newest three were gratis, which is what he probably meant by the word.
	Looking through his albums though, several that previously were available gratis (with an optional payment to him) now have a price tag.
	There&apos;s nothing wrong with trying to make more money like this as long as he continues to use a free license, and so far, he is doing that.
	I think that it represents a shift in attitude though.
	He told me that the reason that his work is available gratis is that he didn&apos;t like that some people couldn&apos;t afford it, and in particular, one fan had practically begged him for a copy of some of his work.
	Now, it seems that money is a bit more important.
	Of course, I&apos;ll continue to support him (especially after I finally find a job), but it&apos;s interesting to notice this shift.
</p>
<p>
	Seeing as the title of that album has changed, it&apos;s kind of like a different album, but with all the same songs.
	Bandcamp doesn&apos;t see it that way, and offers me access to the new version instead of the old one on my purchases pages, so I downloaded the new version to put on my mobile alongside the old version.
	I&apos;m kind of silly like that sometimes.
	Because I was working with music on the mobile anyway and had a small unknown amount of time to kill, I started trying to sort the music in the directory structure the same way as the mobile sorts it in the music player.
	I already had it pretty close, but there were a few things out of place.
	I went through the list of albums to ensure that it matched my file tree, and found a strange extra album: a glitchy copy of <a href="https://www.joshwoodward.com./?album_id=4">Crawford Street</a>.
	This album contained three copies of every song that the regular copy contained and somehow hadn&apos;t been merged with the main album.
	Of course, this album wasn&apos;t showing up anywhere in the directory tree of my <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card.
	I finally figured out that there were broken files pertaining to this album in the <code>lost+found</code> directory, though I never could see them.
	Additionally, and this is the crazy part, there were three <code>lost+found</code> directories! Something was clearly wrong.
	I tried to delete these directories, but I could only delete one of them, and after that, <a href="apt:thunar">Thunar</a> became unable to display the contents of my <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card at all.
	I could still see the files on the command line, but <code>rm</code> was unable to remove the offensive directories.
	I never could figure out how to get the file system working correctly, even with <code>fsck</code>, so I ended up deleting everything and putting the files back on, using another copy from my laptop.
	This got me thinking though.
	I need to find somewhere safe to stash my files in case of problems.
	I don&apos;t have my music on my laptop, at least not sorted into directories based on license like I do on my external hard drive.
	If I lose those archive files, along with the license information that they show me based on where I put them in the file tree, I have to delete them across all my electronic devices if I&apos;m unable to get the archives and their license information back.
	After all, without license terms, they are effectively nonfree.
	I don&apos;t have space for the archives on my laptop or on my mobile.
	I ended up reformatting that <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version"><abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> that I bought from Professor Shyguy.
	It&apos;ll now act as one more place to stash a copy of my music files.
	I might end up storing more there at some point, such as my encrypted password database file, but I&apos;m less worried about losing that.
	It&apos;s small enough that I can stash copies of it in several places.
	If possible, I&apos;d like to find an off-site place to back my music archives up to though, two copies seems like too few.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, it seems that that <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive now comes with a copy of <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/instrumentation">Instrumentation</a>, which it didn&apos;t before.
	As an early adopter, I guess I missed out on that.
	Then again though, I also paid $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> less because I bought it early, so there&apos;s that.
</p>
<p>
	The Geocaching people haven&apos;t written back yet.
	However, my mother is no longer having issues on their site.
	Did I contact them prematurely? The issue may have resolved itself somehow.
	I&apos;d rather have contacted them prematurely and look foolish than have waited and the problem not sort itself out quickly though.
	I don&apos;t need my mother to shut down me and my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> node, so I&apos;d like to keep any proxy-related issues out of her view if at all possible.
	Making waves is often good, but there is a time and a place for it, and this isn&apos;t it.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that last night, my mother found out that there were a couple of issues with the first aid training today.
	As usual, she somehow assumed that I&apos;d know, even though she never told me.
	Yet she says that I&apos;m the one that warps reality.
	Getting back on topic though, the training had a total of only twelve open spots, so we didn&apos;t know if there would be space for us left.
	It was also for adults only, so Vanessa couldn&apos;t go at all, even if there was space left.
	Not wanting to leave her out, the plan to go there was canceled.
	We instead went to the beach, then went to the hills to pick up bullet shells.
</p>
<p>
	Tomorrow, I hope to be more productive than I was today.
	It&apos;s true that I didn&apos;t have a whole lot of time to spend being productive today, but what little time that I did have, I spent not searching for a job when I could have.
	I didn&apos;t even finish any non-job-related tasks.
	I started documenting that one class, but I didn&apos;t have time to finish because I got distracted by the Marc With a C album name change.
	I started fixing the sorting of my music, but I ended up having to replace a broken file system instead.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

