<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother is just being vindictive! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother is just being vindictive!</h1>
			<p>Day 00394: Monday, 2016 April 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	While I formatted my <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> yesterday, I didn&apos;t move any of the files to it until today.
	Now that I&apos;ve tried actually adding files to the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, I&apos;ve found that the thing doesn&apos;t work! Every time that I remove the drive from <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newdawn</a> and plug it back in, the file system is corrupted.
	It started out only corrupting when I added files, but bad went to worse quickly.
	It doesn&apos;t matter if I add files or not, the file system becomes corrupt.
	With much help from people in <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net.:6697/%23Debian">#Debian</a>, I found a pattern though.
	The drive only corrupts when the file system on the drive isn&apos;t <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>32.
	Ugh, I hate <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>32.
	In addition to the needless fragmentation and being prone to file system breakage, <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> uses file names that are case-insensitive and and severely limit uses of non-alphanumeric, <abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr>-range characters.
	Using a <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> file system, I&apos;ll be able to back some files up, such as my compressed music archives, but I won&apos;t be able to store an extracted and organized copy of my music for easy transfer to a device that I want to play music on.
	I planned to spend very little time with files today, simply setting up the transfer and letting it complete on its own, but I ended up debugging this all day.
	In the end, I <strong>*still*</strong> didn&apos;t manage to get the files backed up either! So much for working on the job hunt today.
	I&apos;ll get the files transfered tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	While working on the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive today, I noticed something strange.
	This &quot;32<abbr title="gigabytes">GB</abbr>&quot; <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive is actually a 64<abbr title="gigabytes">GB</abbr> drive! At first, I thought that this was an oversight by Professor Shyguy, but looking at the store page again, it seems that it&apos;s called a 32<abbr title="gigabytes">GB</abbr> in the title, but within the body text, it&apos;s mentioned as being a 64<abbr title="gigabytes">GB</abbr> drive.
	Strange.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve figured out why my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is going down, at least in part.
	It seems to go down when my modem goes down, which had been confusing to me before, but it turns out that it has something to do with <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s restarting.
	I&apos;m not sure why <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is restarting, but if it restarts while the modem is down, my <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server is unable to resolve <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> records, so <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> crashes because of &quot;unparseable&quot; addresses to forward to.
	If <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> would quit restarting, the problem would go away.
	Likewise, if the modem would quit failing, there wouldn&apos;t be an issue.
	One thing that still confuses me though is that once <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> goes down because it can&apos;t resolve an address, it fails to reperform the <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> lookup once I try restarting <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> with <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services back up.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother took us to see some old military base ruins today.
	While the ruins were interesting, what&apos;s more interesting was her admission while there.
	She had been there before, but thought that the ruins were just barely not visible from the main road.
	She also thought that there was only one old room.
	Once we made it there, we saw that the ruins were way down a trail, quite a ways from the road, and there were three rooms.
	We didn&apos;t say anything about that of course, but she admitted that her memory is often bad! Somehow though, although she knows that her memory is poor, she&apos;ll argue to the death that she remembers correctly about things and we don&apos;t.
	On the way home, Vanessa was trying to get our mother to go on a walk with her, but our mother didn&apos;t want to go.
	Vanessa didn&apos;t want to go without our mother, so she gave up on going out.
	Or mother started acting like she didn&apos;t understand why Vanessa no longer wanted to go on the walk, and started telling her off.
	I explained the situation, so our mother told me off! She them proceeded to explain that she wanted Vanessa to explain the obvious to her.
	She&apos;s just being vindictive to Vanessa! Our mother complains that Vanessa is afraid to talk to people, but our mother herself is a big cause of it! We all know this, but it seems that our mother is doing it intentionally.
	I&apos;m appalled.
	Most of the misunderstandings between Vanessa and our mother probably aren&apos;t misunderstandings at all, but deliberate attacks from our mother.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

