<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m employed! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m employed!</h1>
			<p>Day 00395: Tuesday, 2016 April 05</p>
		</header>
<p>
	It turns out that my <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-discography">Professor Shyguy <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> doesn&apos;t actually work when using <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>32 either! The file system doesn&apos;t look like it corrupts, but files usually become invisible, taking up space on the drive, but lacking file names so that they can&apos;t be reached! This is highly frustrating.
	It gets me thinking though.
	This is the first time that I tried to write to the drive.
	Furthermore, when I received the device, <a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/19.xhtml">it didn&apos;t contain all the files that I expected it to</a>.
	Some albums were on the drive in <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> format only, while some albums were missing entirely.
	One album was only partially included! What if the drive was broken from the start? Maybe the unexpected lack of files was because the files had gone missing.
	The drive could have been broken before being shipped, or it might have gotten damaged in the mail somehow.
	In either case, I need to contact <a href="http://professorshyguy.com/">Professor Shyguy</a> about the problem.
	I don&apos;t need a replacement <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, but I&apos;d like to get him to email me the files that are supposed to be on the drive.
	I plan to rebuy the main files from his Bandcamp account eventually to get them listed on my account, but I don&apos;t know if any of the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr>-drive-only files were lost.
</p>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t work on the job hunt today, as being paranoid, I wanted to make sure my music was backed up.
	I set <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newdawn</a> aside so it wouldn&apos;t get bumped while it copied the files from my external hard drive, which is finicky about the cable being bumped sometimes, to <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local">cepo</a>, which is reached over two Wi-Fi hops from newdawn.
	Needless to say, it was a slow process and took all day to complete! I decided to just take the day off to try to relax and get over the stress of dealing with the failing drive.
	That didn&apos;t last too long though, as the temp agency contacted me about a job!
</p>
<p>
	The temp agency got word that a position that I had previously been turned down for through them had reopened, and they were giving me the chance to fill it! I needed to come in to fill out some forms and allow them to copy my photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> and either my Social Security card or my birth certificate.
	They also asked me to bring my bank account information to set up direct deposit.
	I didn&apos;t realize that employers could use a birth certificate in place of a Social Security card, but I really didn&apos;t want to try to find my birth certificate, as newdawn was resting on top of my filing box.
	I&apos;d risk bumping the external hard drive&apos;s cord too much and interrupting the file transfer if I moved the laptop somewhere else, so I went with the Social Security card.
	I&apos;ll keep this in mind for next time though, if given the option.
	Once I made it to the temp agency, I found that while I&apos;d dug out my Social Security, I&apos;d left it at home instead of bringing it! I ended up having to return later to bring it over.
	On the first visit though, I learned more about the job.
	It seems that I&apos;ll be doing something with conveyor belts and plastic bottles.
	It&apos;s a graveyard shift position, and the job will only last somewhere from a few weeks to a few months.
	It&apos;s really short-term, but it&apos;s a paying job! Also while there, they popped a surprise drug test on me.
	The only drug that I sometimes take is caffeine, which is found in chocolate and tea.
	Other than that, I&apos;m clean, so I obviously passed the test.
	I thought that I&apos;d need to wait for the results, but it turns out that they gave me my negative result before I left.
	Also, the temp agency representative said that my first one or two pay checks might end up coming via paper mail instead of direct deposit, as it takes a while for the bank (or in my case, credit union) to approve it.
	It sounds like I might have been able to avoid direct deposit! I&apos;d be more upset about being roped into direct deposit needlessly, but I&apos;m just happy to be employed for a while.
	The temp agency representative emailed me a pair of <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> files that total thirty-nine pages and act as a sort of employee manual.
	I don&apos;t have time to read them tonight though, I&apos;ll probably start reading them tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, I cut through the local forest park, as there&apos;s an entrance near the temp agency.
	On the way to the temp agency, I&apos;d asked if a particular street was in a particular direction, as I was trying to take a shorter route than usual, and had been directed to instead cut through the forest, so taking a similar path back seemed reasonable.
	I found an even better path through though! Not only is there an entrance right near the temp agency, there&apos;s one on the far end of my street!
</p>
<p>
	When I told my mother about the job, she got weird.
	She says that it&apos;s leven kilometers away and will be a two and a half hour walk.
	I don&apos;t have much of a choice though, it&apos;s not like I&apos;ve gotten any other job offers.
	She offered me a ride there, though not back, as she&apos;ll be at work when I need to return home.
	I of course declined, as there&apos;s a reason that I don&apos;t drive myself.
	Her driving me is as bad as me driving myself, and I have quite a bit of stamina.
	I can make the trip on foot just fine.
	However, upon declining, her offer changed and became an order.
	She insists that she will be driving me there daily.
	This is frustrating.
	While I can&apos;t afford to turn down this job, if I&apos;d know that she was going to do this, I probably would have declined the job anyway.
	She blames part of her carbon footprint on me, but this is a prime example of why her argument is invalid.
	I don&apos;t want the ride, but she&apos;s insisting on it.
	Her carbon footprint is hers and hers alone.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

