<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Only three hours of sleep &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Only three hours of sleep</h1>
			<p>Day 00396: Wednesday, 2016 April 06</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Before heading to work last light, I made sure that all the music on my mobile was sorted at least into the correct directories, though I didn&apos;t have time to make sure that all the file names were correct.
	Bad idea.
	I should have gotten some rest instead.
	By the end of my shift, I was somewhat delirious from exhaustion.
</p>
<p>
	On the way there, I found two very good facts.
	First, the walk home sends me right past a distant grocery store that sells vegan bread.
	Whenever we&apos;re low, I can pick some up on the way home! Second, my mother said that she doesn&apos;t know how long she&apos;ll be able to continue dropping me off at work with how late I need to be there.
	Perfect! I never wanted her to drop me off anyway, She just insisted, and it&apos;s usually best not to argue with her when she gets like that.
</p>
<p>
	I found the work site to be very informal.
	I brought my photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> and the paperwork that the temp agency had given me thinking that I&apos;d need to prove that I was supposed to be there, but neither was needed.
	They just sort of let me in.
	Their old time clock doesn&apos;t function the same way as the last old time clock that I used did.
	The last one stamped your time card if you inserted your card all the way to the back.
	Instead, this one stamps your card when you hit the button on the top.
	I spent the day putting together sets of those plastic tree protectors that are used to keep deer from eating planted saplings.
	It turns out that those things are made from biodegradable plastic, too! One of the people that was helping me learn how to do it the easy way had to keep giving me the same tips because I couldn&apos;t take it all in at once.
	I had to focus on one tip at a time until I finally had it.
	It&apos;s very simple work after a while.
	One sucky part of the job is the unpaid meal break.
	Seeing as I had not gotten any sleep, it was helpful this time, but normally, if I&apos;m going to be stuck there, I want to be paid for it, even if that means having to work instead of break.
	I know that the unpaid meal break is required by law, but my last employer let people get away with not taking the meal break if they wanted to stay clocked in, in which case they still got the regular paid ten-minute breaks.
</p>
<p>
	I noticed a sign in the break room that says that anyone that doesn&apos;t already have health insurance is required to participate in the company insurance plan, which they must pay for.
	This is ridiculous! Surely this is some ploy to force some employees to have to give back some of their hard-earned money to the employer.
	I went to ask what I needed to to to get out of the company insurance plan, as I already have insurance and don&apos;t want to give up extra money needlessly, but it seems that the rule doesn&apos;t apply to people in temporary positions such as mine.
</p>
<p>
	My mother wanted me to get a background check through her school so that I&apos;d be able to ride her school bus part way home.
	FOr the next while, her students are taking field trips to the pool nearish to my work.
	I&apos;d still have to walk about an hour to get to the bus, assuming I&apos;m fast enough, and the bus wouldn&apos;t get me all the way home, but it&apos;d be something.
	I really didn&apos;t want to hand over my Social Security number to the school, which is required for the background check, but I did it anyway.
	If I could save an hour of walking without causing further fossil fuel usage (as the bus wouldn&apos;t be making any extra stops for me), it might be worth it.
	The school&apos;s form is moronic though.
	First, it disallows pasting.
	I&apos;m not going to read and type my Social Security number just because some stupid website won&apos;t allow me to paste it from my encrypted password database.
	I ended up filling it with autotype.
	Apparently, I no longer have the add-on installed that prevents moronic websites from disabling the paste feature.
	It also insisted that I provide a driver license number.
	I don&apos;t have a driver&apos;s license, but the form wouldn&apos;t allow me to leave this field blank.
	It allowed me to use the string &quot;none&quot; though.
	Maybe I should have instead used the string &quot;I don&apos;t have a driver license.&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of buses, I haven&apos;t seen a single bus stop in Coos Bay or North Bend.
	Do we not have public transportation here?
</p>
<p>
	New estimates suggest that the walk is over nineteen kilometers.
	It took me three and a half hours to walk home.
	Assuming that I walk to and from work and I manage to get eight hours of sleep, I would have time for nothing besides work, walking, and sleep.
	I wouldn&apos;t even get any rest periods between walking and working.
	Of course, that&apos;s only assuming that I actually get enough sleep.
	Upon returning home, my body wouldn&apos;t allow me to sleep more than three hours.
	I am so very tired.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from my dentist&apos;s office stating that they had changed my dental care provider from their Coos Bay office to their North Bend office.
	Furthermore, they said that for all appointments, I need to bring my insurance card and my photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
	I would have brought the insurance card, but left the photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> behind, so this was an informative letter despite my already knowing about the switch.
</p>
<p>
	I took a look at my bicycle, trying to get it in working order to speed my commute.
	The tires are flat on one bike and the wheels are bent on the other.
	I tried inflating the tires of the one bike, but I couldn&apos;t get the pump working.
	Questioning whether it was even the right pump, I tried connecting it to the tires of the bike with inflated tires.
	If I could get it to let air out, it was probably the right pump.
	In the process though, the pump got stuck.
	Getting it off damaged the tire, ripping the valve stem off entirely.
	Lovely.
	That&apos;s not really fixable, and that might have been the inner tube that I had bought to fix that flat last time.
	I&apos;ve never even gotten to ride on that inner tube, or if I did, it wasn&apos;t for long.
	I quickly found that the wheel had been bent after installing that inner tube.
	I went back to working on the bike with flat tires, but the pump started leaking.
	It took a while, but I fixed the pump, then actually managed to inflate the tires.
	I let the bike stand there for over an hour to see if the tires would hold air, as I suspected that they didn&apos;t.
	The person that sold us the bike said that he thought that the tires could hold air, but I doubted that even at the time.
	If they could hold air, it would mean that someone had intentionally let the air out at some point.
	Why would they do that? The most reasonable explanation was that the tires were in fact damaged and had gone flat of their own accord.
	As expected, the tires were differing levels of flat when I came back.
	One was entirely empty, the other was too flat to ride, but still had some pressure in it.
	On the way home tomorrow, I planned to pick up a pair of 26 inch by 175 inch inner tubes, though later events caused me to cancel that plan.
</p>
<p>
	Apparently, we have garter snakes in the area.
	I found one lying across the cement walkway leading up to the house.
	I walked somewhat near it to get past, but it didn&apos;t seem to care enough to flee.
</p>
<p>
	My modem continues to fail and <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> continues to react to the failure by shutting down.
	I think that I can fix the issue by using <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses in the configuration file instead of domain names.
	I strongly believe that the problem is caused by <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s choice to restart, seemingly randomly, then attempting <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> lookups when local <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services are unable to reach remote <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services for the lookup on non-<code>//test.</code> names.
	With <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses, there&apos;s nothing to look up.
	The problem with switching to <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses though is that I can&apos;t remember which <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address is which when looking at the configuration file, and additionally, my hidden service configuration parser that creates a list of available hidden service ports will no longer output human-readable domain names, instead outputting long lists of <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses.
	When I have the time and energy, I need to create a new tool, one that takes a domain-based hidden service configuration block, performs the necessary <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> lookups, and outputs a new <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address-based hidden service block.
	I can run that script while <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services are available, then not have to worry about <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s failing attempts to resolve <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> records later.
	I&apos;d work on the tool now, but I can&apos;t write software in my current state.
</p>
<p>
	I was going to contact Professor Shyguy about the <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version"><abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> today, but I don&apos;t think my mind is clear enough to make that a good idea right now.
	With only three hours of sleep, I might not phrase things as well as I really should.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m very tired.
	And now I need to go back to work.
	These next few months are going to be a beast, and I am not looking forward to them.
	Tomorrow might be better than today though.
	I didn&apos;t really have anything portable that I could make a meal of, so for lunch, I brought two cans of vegetables.
	That&apos;s all.
	I ended up eating only one of the cans, as a second can of vegetables wasn&apos;t appetizing.
	On the way home though, I picked up some bread, so tomorrow, I&apos;ll have sandwiches at work.
</p>
<p>
	My mother said that she&apos;s taking the day off of work tomorrow to head to Springfield to get her favorite tax preparers to file her taxes for her.
	She also said that she&apos;d pick me up after work.
	As hypocritical as it makes me feel to want the ride, it&apos;ll be a relief not having to walk that distance again after an eight and a half hour shift after having only had three hours of sleep.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

