<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Jury summons &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Jury summons</h1>
			<p>Day 00397: Thursday, 2016 April 07</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Yesterday on the way home, I found a key holder, along with a strip of paper containing three signatures and a plastic bag containing a pencil.
	No doubt, this was a dismantled Geocache, so I put it back together and hid it where I thought that it was supposed to go: behind the nearby rock wall.
	I offhandedly mentioned it to my mother, so she wanted to see it.
	We couldn&apos;t find the rock wall though.
	I&apos;ll have to keep an eye out for it and take note of the street name.
	It turns out that it was never her intention to take me to Springfield with her, she was just picking me up because she had the day off, then dropping me off at home and heading out.
</p>
<p>
	I was thinking that my job in the extrusion room was too loud and that it was preventing the sort of conversation that could lead to on-the-job friendships.
	While I can stand the noise level, one person even wears ear plugs! I wouldn&apos;t say that I&apos;m lonely, but one thing that I&apos;d been looking forward to in becoming employed was the in-person human interaction.
	Just as I had started thinking about that though, people started talking.
	Earplug guy wasn&apos;t very talkative, most likely because he couldn&apos;t really hear people very well, but I was able to speak with some of my other coworkers for a while.
	To try to start a conversation with the boss, I mentioned that after putting several of the sapling protectors inside each other as we were doing, they looked kind of like a humidifier filter, which worked.
	The boss seems like a pretty nice guy.
</p>
<p>
	At some point near the beginning of the shift, the boss offered me a stool and a tip.
	Yesterday, I ended up going to work at about the time I usually go to bed.
	I had had a full night of sleep, but my shift ended after I would have usually gotten up, so I was feeling more and more out of it as my shift dragged on.
	This time, I&apos;d slept more recently, so I wasn&apos;t passing the twenty-four hour mark, but I&apos;d only slept for three hours.
	I&apos;m not sure if the more recent sleep had been better, despite not being long enough, or if it was the stool that helped, but today&apos;s shift was much more tolerable.
	Yesterday, I seemed to have taken the dead skin off my hands while working, as today, I was starting to hit live skin.
	Not fun.
	The boss said that you can use masking take to cover the spots on your hands that get rubbed raw though, preventing damage to your skin.
	It worked pretty well! I think that I should get a pair of gloves to bring to work though.
	They&apos;d be easier to put on and take off than the tape and would be reusable.
</p>
<p>
	The extruder responsible for the sapling protectors started malfunctioning, resulting in only broken protectors being produced.
	While the boss was diagnosing and repairing the machine, we couldn&apos;t continue what we had been doing.
	Instead, the person I was working with helped the boss with the extruder while I ended up working with two other extruders.
	One extruder was slow, pushing out long tubes of unknown purpose, having a similar hole pattern as the sapling protectors, only smaller.
	The second extruder produced small bags, again with a similar hole pattern.
	While working the sapling protector extruder is a two-person job because of how quickly the protectors come out, working both of the other extruders, along with a second bag extruder, is a one-person job with wait time in between doing things.
	The person that had previously been doing that job continued to work the one bag extruder while I worked the other bag extruder and the strange tube extruder, leaving even more wait time between doing things for both of us.
	The sapling protector extruder was fixed soon enough though, so we were able to get back to being more productive.
</p>
<p>
	The boss said that I could choose when I took my lunch break, and that all I had to do was let him know before I left.
	I considered not even taking a lunch break and just working through the whole shift straight.
	That would have allowed me to remain on the clock for an extra half hour.
	It&apos;s stupid that I have to be in the area, but off the clock, for half an hour.
	After a few minutes, I thought better of that plan though.
	One of two things would happen if I stayed on the clock.
	Either I would be accused of taking the lunch break but failing to clock off or the boss would get in trouble for not making sure that all the employees got their law-mandated lunch breaks.
	If accused of not clocking out, I might not get paid for that time anyway, and I&apos;d be in trouble.
	If the boss was accused instead, he&apos;d be taking heat for what wasn&apos;t his fault.
	He seems very nice, I&apos;d rather not cause him problems.
	With that in mind, I decided instead to wait until I had only two and a half hours left until my shift ended, take the lunch break, and come back with only two hours left to work.
	If I did that, I&apos;d have the bulk of my shift out of the way and the rest should be easy to finish.
	However, it turned out not to matter anyway.
	Half an hour before I planned to take my lunch, the boss sent me out on lunch himself.
	No one would have been in trouble anyway.
</p>
<p>
	From the sound of it, my temporary position with the company exists because of unexpected forest fires.
	Normally, the forestry companies place their orders far in advance, giving the company time to produce their product at a reasonable pace, stockpile it, and fill the order on time once enough are produced.
	However, because of these fires, the forestry company or companies have had to increase their orders.
	In order to fill the order or orders on time, speed was increased and temporary jobs, including my own, were created.
</p>
<p>
	My job involves putting together sets of ten sapling protectors, so there&apos;s a lot of counting to ten.
	Today, I realized that I could be using that time to practice counting in Esperanto.
	I started continuously counting them, not resetting to &quot;nulo&quot; between sets.
	I made it to about &quot;cent dek sep&quot;, but &quot;cent dek&quot; sounds too much like &quot;sepdek&quot;, so between the noise of the machines, my tiredness, and conversations, I started confusing myself.
	I ended up just counting to &quot;cent&quot; repeatedly and resetting to &quot;nulo&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	My boss offered me a ride to the mall, as he was already headed there.
	That mall is just down the street from my house! However, my mother had already said that she was picking me up, so I declined.
	I briefly considered emailing her to call off the ride, but she had wanted me to show here where that key holder that I mentioned earlier was, so I did need to meet up with her.
	He says that he frequently visits that mall though, so if I ever want a ride, I can let him know.
	Still, I have no way to know if he&apos;s headed there without potentially causing him to go there, so I can&apos;t actually take him up on that offer.
</p>
<p>
	My body didn&apos;t want to sleep today either, despite being tired.
	It sort of complied anyway though.
	I was able to take a three-hour nap, at which point I woke back up, then took another three-hour nap right away.
	It&apos;s not a full night&apos;s sleep, but it&apos;s better than I&apos;ve had.
	Tomorrow should be easier than today or yesterday was.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve decided that my request to Professor Shyguy is a strange one.
	Basically, the physical product that I purchased arrived broken, but I don&apos;t want a replacement.
	(Well, I do want a replacement, but I&apos;m going to suck it up and not try to get one.) Instead, I&apos;m assuming that the data contained is similarly broken, and I want him to email me a copy of what the data should be.
	With that goal in mind, I considered whether withholding some of the details of the situation might be a more effective strategy than explaining the situation in-depth.
	Basically, I could explain that I tried writing to the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, at which point the thing started acting wonky and lost all the date, including the music, then ask if he could email a copy of the music.
	Technically, that story is true.
	I did attempt to write to the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, at which point it lost the music files along with the new data.
	The fact that I had a backup of what might not have been everything is irrelevant.
	I ended up deciding against this plan though.
	A better plan is to make a list of exactly what was and wasn&apos;t on the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive when it arrived, explain the data loss and that I think that the drive arrived broken considering that this was the first time that I tried writing to it and the fact that files seemed to have been missing from the start, and ask if there actually were missing files.
	Doing that would be the most honest way to try to insure that I have the files that were supposed to come on the drive.
</p>
<p>
	Checking the mail today, I found a jury summons for me.
	That&apos;s all well and good, but the included instructions demand that I call a particular telephone number on a particular date to find out if I&apos;m actually going to be serving on a jury.
	If chosen, it is then demanded that I telephone the number every day during a certain period of time.
	No options were provided for people without telephone service.
	This is ridiculous! I am very angry.
	There is no legal requirement that citizens have telephone service, so there can&apos;t be a legal requirement that I call that number or any other.
	They can&apos;t just assume that everyone is able to reach them via telephone.
	It&apos;s bad enough when optional services make such assumptions, but when legally-required processes make this assumption, it is unacceptable.
	Additionally, the jury that they want me to serve on is in Coquille, which is at least eight hours away on foot.
	It&apos;s not really feasible for me to serve on this jury.
	The jury summons letter says that if it is a transportation hardship for me to serve, I may include a note with the required filled questionnaire explaining my situation.
	When I send the questionnaire tomorrow, I will include this note (I&apos;ve redacted the "user" portion of the email address that I will include in the note for privacy):
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
	I am a pedestrian in Coos Bay, I don&apos;t drive.
	If you check my DMV record, you can see that I don&apos;t even have a driver license.
	Walking to Coquille would take an estimated eight hours, and that&apos;s only one way.
	While I&apos;d love to serve on a jury, serving on a jury in Coquille isn&apos;t really feasible for me.
	If you have a trial in Coos Bay or North Bend that I could be a jury member for, that would be much more feasible.
</p>
<p>
	Additionally, I don&apos;t have telephone service.
	I haven&apos;t had telephone service for over a year now.
	I can&apos;t call that telephone number that your jury summons letter says that I must call to find out if I have been chosen.
	There is no legal requirement that citizens have telephone service, so you cannot require that I do.
	If you want me to serve on a jury, you will need to provide another way for me to know if I have been chosen.
	If you post this information online, I can check it, as I do have Internet service.
	Alternatively, I&apos;m available via email at &lt;mailto:[REDACTED]@y.st&gt; and via postal mail at the mailing address specified on the questionnaire provided with this letter.
</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	On April 29, the date that it is demanded that I call and listen to the <a href="tel:+15413964084">jury duty instructions recording</a>, I will find some public place and get the people there to lend me a telephone.
	If the court people aren&apos;t going to be reasonable, I don&apos;t want to get in trouble over it.
	I also don&apos;t need the stress of not knowing if I was chosen and not knowing if I&apos;m skipping court case that I&apos;m expected to participate in.
	If you&apos;re curious, and if you buy into the idiotic telephone number system, I am juror number 158.
</p>
<p>
	Once I got out of bed, I needed to get to the store to buy the inner tubes that I need for my bicycle.
	I asked my mother if she wanted me to pick anything up while I was at the store before I headed out, but that was a mistake.
	She said to wait until she got home from Springfield and she&apos;d drive me there.
	The whole point of fixing up the bicycle is to avoid driving! Additionally, it seems that she&apos;s not cool with using the bicycle to get out of her giving me rides to work, even though she&apos;s losing sleep to give me these rides.
	Because she didn&apos;t get home before dark and I wasn&apos;t going to be able to ride the bicycle to work anyway, only from work, I ended up not getting the inner tubes installed.
	It&apos;s too hard to try to get them put on in the dark and with too little gain.
	I&apos;ll have to walk home tomorrow instead of riding home, but that&apos;s fine.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

