<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>Re-registering to vote &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Re-registering to vote</h1>
			<p>Day 00400: <time>Sunday, 2016 April 10</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	With Rubio and especially Bush out of the running, I&apos;m becoming less worried about the Republican nominee.
	Especially considering that I don&apos;t know a single Republican nominee that&apos;s worth supporting, at this point, I think I&apos;ll be more effective voting in the Democratic primaries than the Republican primaries.
	I&apos;ve registered to change my party using the online form, which seems to specify that the email address and telephone number fields are optional.
	It&apos;s nice to see that not everyone assumes that everyone else is reachable via these specific methods.
</p>
<p>
	I realized today that I don&apos;t have an extra slash character to spare in my stamp&apos;s character set, so I can&apos;t link to the index of a directory, and with only a four-character space to work in, I can&apos;t use the &quot;.xhtml&quot; file extension.
	I could use a fragment, but that&apos;d require either use of JavaScript or would link to an already-visible part of the main index.
	I could also choose to use a query string, but that would require me to use dynamic pages instead of static ones.
	My best option is to just continue linking to the main index.
	With that in mind, I finished changing my stamp to add the trailing dot on the domain while leaving everything else the same.
</p>
<p>
	We went to Springfield, where I was asked to remove the pair of plant racks from the pillars on the porch.
	The first time that I was asked to do this, I was only able to remove one of the four bolts.
	The other three were too stripped to work with.
	The second time I was asked, I had to remind my mother that I&apos;d already tried that and that the bolts were stripped.
	This time, she lent me a new socket wrench set that was supposed to have very good grip.
	The socket wrench can&apos;t reach one of the remaining bolts, but it seemed to work partially on one of the others.
	Before I could make any real progress though, we rushed off to meet one of her friends that she doesn&apos;t get to see often.
</p>
<p>
	Her friend likes to smoke, and he smoked at least five cigarettes in the vehicle while we were out.
	It was a bit obnoxious.
	I don&apos;t want to breathe that poison! We ended up going to the woods where we hiked down to a river.
	The two of them gathered rocks that they liked while I looked around at plants and tried not to fall into the water.
	My mother saw a large red frog, though it left before I got a chance to see it.
	They grabbed more rocks than they could carry though, and decided to leave some in a pile to come back for later.
	I grabbed the largest of these and hauled it back to the vehicle, though the smaller two were still left behind.
	Next, we went to another spot where my mother and I gathered bullet shells and her friend dug fired bullets out of the ground.
	After that, we returned home.
</p>
<p>
	Knowing about the new socket wrench now, I jacked it for a while to try it on my bicycle.
	That didn&apos;t go well.
	The nut came off the bike, but the socket wrench wouldn&apos;t detach from the nut.
	After much prying, using the axle for leverage, I was able to separate the two, but I fear that I&apos;ve damaged the axle.
	I won&apos;t know until tomorrow though, when I try to change the inner tubes and reassemble the thing.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

