<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>Always wear a helmet &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Always wear a helmet</h1>
			<p>Day 00401: Monday, 2016 April 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	With the nuts having been removed yesterday, I replaced my bicycle&apos;s inner tubes today.
	I worried that the bike wouldn&apos;t roll so well, as I might have damaged the axle yesterday, and even if I hadn&apos;t damaged it, I&apos;ve never used this second-hand bike before.
	I may have bought it pre-damaged.
	I had some errands to run, so I used the bike to both speed the errands and give me a chance to test it out.
	The bike works, though shifting gears is problematic.
	The gears on one wheel don&apos;t shift at all and the gears on the other can&apos;t really be shifted except by moving the chain by hand while the bike is stopped.
	If you try to use the gear-shifting mechanism on the bike&apos;s handle bars, the chain comes off so that peddling no longer has an effect.
	I don&apos;t currently have the strength to ride up all these stupid hills either.
	I&apos;ll need to work on building up my leg muscles.
	I had also forgotten how much of a pain my bike lock is to use.
	It unlocks easily, but it doesn&apos;t like to lock.
	I have to jam the locking curved bar into the hole dozens of times before the locking mechanism will function.
	Sometimes, the locking mechanism simply won&apos;t catch, but most of the time, the locking mechanism won&apos;t even allow the bar to fit into place.
	I&apos;ve put up with this issue since first removing the lock from it&apos;s factory packaging.
	I&apos;m done with this.
	I don&apos;t have the energy to deal with it any more.
	On the way home from work tomorrow, I&apos;ll stop by this store that I pass and see if they sell key-based locks.
	Most combination locks aren&apos;t a problem, but if this lock were a key lock, it wouldn&apos;t be acting up.
</p>
<p>
	My first stop was at the post office.
	I told Brant Cooley that I&apos;d mail back the <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version"><abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> flash drive</a> today.
	I sent it back as first-class mail because that&apos;s how he&apos;d sent it when he had sent it to me, at which point the post office representative gave me a tracking number.
	I explained that the <abbr title="United States Postal Service">USPS</abbr> website is broken and doesn&apos;t allow me to track packages.
	I pulled up the site on my mobile to show her the 403 error.
	She thought that strange, and when I asked if there was someone that I could contact about the issue, she said that I should do a Web search for the information and come back if I couldn&apos;t find it.
	I&apos;ll probably do that later, but not today.
</p>
<p>
	I stopped at a store for hash brown patties for lunch at work tomorrow, and I found that I&apos;d only stamped one side of some of my dollar bills.
	I need to be more careful about that.
	I also found vegan jelly beans.
	I haven&apos;t been able to eat jelly beans in over a year, so that was a nice surprise.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, I approached a spot where the sidewalk ended while traveling downhill.
	I didn&apos;t brake as early as I should have, so I made the transition at too quick of a speed.
	The bike got caught and I was thrown off of it.
	I broke my helmet in the process as well as ripped my shorts.
	This is my first time riding in this area and it&apos;s not the most bike-friendly terrain, so I&apos;m going to need to work on learning all the quirks of the land and how to deal with them.
	Thankfully, my mother later lent me her helmet, which she hardly ever uses herself.
	If I broke a helmet falling of the bike, riding home without a working helmet sounds like a really bad idea.
</p>
<p>
	I tried installing the <a href="apt:libjack0">libjack0 package</a> to fix <a href="apt:quodlibet">Quod Libet</a>, but that didn&apos;t really work.
	Quod Libet no longer outputs an error message, but it still doesn&apos;t output any sound either.
</p>
<p>
	The boss still hasn&apos;t contacted me.
	He insisted that I wouldn&apos;t have to make an assumption about whether to come to work if he didn&apos;t contact me, as he&apos;d be sure to contact me either way.
	However, it seems that this was a lie.
	This is very frustrating.
	I suppose I&apos;ll come in then, and if I don&apos;t work, I don&apos;t work.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

