<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>A pointless trip to work &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A pointless trip to work</h1>
			<p>Day 00402: Tuesday, 2016 April 12</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The boss said that he&apos;d contact me to let me know if he wanted me to come into work or not.
	I asked whether I should come in or not if I didn&apos;t contact me, but he wouldn&apos;t give me an answer.
	Instead, he insisted that he would contact me either way.
	However, he never contacted me.
	I went into work to ask about it, and he was surprised that no one had contacted me.
	Apparently, he wasn&apos;t doing the contacting himself, he had delegated.
	He gave me new instructions, this time with an action for when no one contacts me: don&apos;t come in <strong>*until*</strong> someone contacts me.
	Next time something like this happens, I&apos;m going to insist that a default action be established, saying that I&apos;ve had problems with people not contacting me in the past.
</p>
<p>
	Someone from work later contacted me, so it seems I do need to go into work tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I was going to pull my bicycle out of the van, but my mother thought that it&apos;d be a good idea for me to leave it in unless I was sure I&apos;d need it today.
	In what way is that a good idea? It&apos;s not difficult to load or unload it, but now I&apos;m stuck without it for the day.
</p>
<p>
	I finished documenting the function-loading class so that it could be committed and I could begin work on a new function for dealing with <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s crashing issue.
	Once the new function was complete, I was able to verify that it did work around <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s issues.
	The problem is that <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is choking on <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> names for some reason.
	With the <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> names removed from the configuration file, <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> no longer complains.
	I&apos;m still not sure what&apos;s causing the underlying issue, but at least <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> will be able to stay up when my modem fails.
	I&apos;m not going to document or commit this new function just yet.
	I&apos;m too tired at the moment.
</p>
<p>
	Considering picking up a new album, I paid a visit to Bandcamp, where I noticed that <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a>&apos;s cover art has changed.
	In addition to taking on a lighter hue, it also now has a &quot;FULL ALBUM&quot; strip plastered across it.
	Looking into it, <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/rated-heart">Rated Heart</a> has the same banner, <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/geekotica">Geekotica</a> now has one that reads &quot;FREE ALBUM&quot;, and one was added to <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/history-1-1">History 1-1</a> and a proprietary album that says &quot;COVER ALBUM&quot;.
	Now I wish I&apos;d gotten History 1-1 before it had been changed; it looks better without the banner.
	On History 1-1, it doesn&apos;t actually pose as much of an issue as on the other albums, but it obscures Professor Shyguy&apos;s name on one album as the album name on the other three.
	Additionally, Professor Shyguy&apos;s artist name has been removed from Rated Heart&apos;s album cover for some reason.
	I almost ended up deciding not to buy any music today though.
	I currently have four musical items waiting only to be delivered by postal mail.
	Two are from <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joshwoodward/josh-woodward-addressed-to-the-stars">Josh Woodward&apos;s Kickstarter campaign</a>: Addressed to the Stars and a prerelease copy of an unknown album.
	Two are from Professor Shyguy: a new <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version"><abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> and a special edition copy of <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a> with a bonus track.
	Until at least some of that has arrived, I was thinking that I probably shouldn&apos;t get greedy and buy anything else.
	However, I&apos;m celebrating finally having a job, at least for a bit, and I&apos;m not actually wanting these physical items, just the music that they come with, some of which I already have.
	I ended up buying <a href="https://kelleemaize.bandcamp.com./album/aligned-archetype">Aligned Archetype</a>, taking the oportunaty to include another note to Kellee Maize about how I&apos;d love it if she used the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> or <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> license for her other two albums on Bandcamp, the two that I haven&apos;t bought.
	On her own website, she claims that all her work is under the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> license, so she&apos;s not against the use of that license for her albums.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m going to bring a resume to work tonight so that I can have it if I need it when I walk into the other temp agency on my way home from work tomorrow.
	The temp agency&apos;s a bit far away, but as I have to pass by it anyway, I might as well make a stop there.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

