<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Multi-album sets on Bandcamp &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Multi-album sets on Bandcamp</h1>
			<p>Day 00403: Wednesday, 2016 April 13</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother says that she doesn&apos;t know how much longer that she can give me rides to work.
	Apparently, staying up late gives her headaches.
	I&apos;m not happy that she has been having headaches, but hopefully this means that she&apos;s going to stop being wiggy and about me going to work on my own.
	I&apos;m beyond legal drinking age, I think that I can get myself to work just fine.
	I was already planning to time my ride home, but my mother said that it&apos;d be a good idea to do so today.
	Is this a sign that she&apos;s not giving me a ride tonight? It turned out that it was.
	Not having to take rides from her will relieve a lot of stress.
	For one thing, it bothers me that my commute was burning fossil fuels.
	In addition to that though, I could never be sure that we&apos;d leave on time or that she&apos;d remember to take me at all.
	She hadn&apos;t caused any issues in commuting to work, but in the past, she&apos;d almost always bring Vivian and me to our school orchestra performances late.
	She&apos;d insist that we didn&apos;t need to be there as early as the orchestra teacher had said that we needed to arrive for preparations, as she didn&apos;t understand that preparation work needed to be completed; we couldn&apos;t just show up just before the audience.
</p>
<p>
	When my mother saw the seat of my bike, she got a bit weird.
	Apparently, she didn&apos;t know how damaged the seat was, despite it being that damaged when we bought it.
	She must have forgotten, as I haven&apos;t used this bike since we got it, at least not until recently.
	It hasn&apos;t gotten any more damaged.
	Furthermore, she&apos;s the one that pointed out this bike and said that we should get it.
	It shouldn&apos;t be too damaged for use in her opinion.
	In any case, she wants me to keep a plastic shopping bag over the seat, as if that doesn&apos;t look even more trashy.
	She also insisted that I ask where to put the bike.
	There were several obvious places to put it outside and out of the way, but I humored her and asked the boss if there was any specific place that he preferred that I put it or if I should just put it anywhere out of the way.
	He actually had a place inside the building for it, which was both unexpected and inconvenient.
	It was off behind several boxes, so getting it in and out was a pain, but I suppose that it at least kept the bike out of the rain.
</p>
<p>
	I decided not to bring my laptop today.
	I wanted to use it during my lunch break, but I was afraid that it would be a pain to ride home with it.
	Once we arrived, it started raining though, which reminded me of the unpredictable weather.
	The rain had cleared up by the time I rode home, but there&apos;s no telling when it&apos;s going to rain here.
	I shouldn&apos;t bring my laptop to work, as it could easily become damaged by the rain.
</p>
<p>
	I managed to forget my resume at home, so I didn&apos;t go into the temp agency.
	I&apos;ll try to bring it tonight so that I can walk into the temp agency tomorrow morning.
</p>
<p>
	The machines at work were moving a lot slower today.
	At first, I thought it too slow, but it was later helpful.
	The stools had gone missing and I didn&apos;t get enough sleep because of the lack of information about a shift yesterday, so by the end of the shift, I was thankful that the machines weren&apos;t going any faster.
	I also didn&apos;t have any potato products to eat at lunch, further increasing my energy deficit.
</p>
<p>
	It took me an hour and a quarter to ride home, and I made a couple stops in an effort to get a more realistic estimate.
	I might very well stop on any particular trip if I pass somewhere that would be useful to drop in on.
	Additionally, the timing doesn&apos;t account for the fact that the hill slopes will be reversed when traveling in the opposite direction.
	I figure that at least at first, I should give myself an hour and a half to get to work, giving me a further extra quarter hour to account for the unexpected.
	This bike is a pain though.
	The gear on the wheel resets itself if you try to change it by hand and there&apos;s no lever for changing it correctly.
	The gear on the pedals has only two gears, with an empty spot for a third one present.
	This gear can&apos;t be changed using the lever, as turning the lever one direction seems to have no effect and changing it the other direction causes the chain to drop into the spot that looks like a third gear should exist in.
	It certainly sped up my journey, but this bike really isn&apos;t the best bike I&apos;ve ever used.
</p>
<p>
	I found something unusual on Bandcamp today.
	One can buy <a href="https://chriszabriskie.bandcamp.com./">Chris Zabriskie&apos;s albums</a> as one item.
	I&apos;ve never seen that sort of thing at Bandcamp.
	I needed to make that purchase in order to understand better how it works.
	Do all the albums end up added to your Bandcamp music collection page? It seems that they do, though it causes Bandcamp to forget how much you paid, which they normally keep track of forever.
	It would be nice if <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> came with such a set instead of with a single album, as supposedly, all of that music comes on the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive.
	For example, I can&apos;t leave a review for <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/happy-parallel">Happy Parallel</a> because while I did buy it from the artist, I don&apos;t have it in my BandCamp collection.
	I paid a bit more than I wanted to for Chris Zabriskie&apos;s work, considering that I&apos;m not really a fan of ambient music, and that&apos;s what he produces.
	However, it was a useful experiment, providing information for future reference, and I didn&apos;t want to appear insulting by paying him too little.
	Additionally, he never did give me a way to buy the albums of his old, defunct band, Low-Fi is Sci-Fi, so in a way, this payment can kind of be for those albums.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

