<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>A bicycle crash and a jury summons deferment &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A bicycle crash and a jury summons deferment</h1>
			<p>Day 00404: <time>Thursday, 2016 April 14</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I wanted to pick up some fast food for lunch on the way to work, but it seemed that everywhere was closed.
	On the way home though, I stopped at the one fast food restaurant that I hadn&apos;t stopped at before, due to it being on the next street over.
	Subway is open until midnight! I guess I&apos;ll be stopping there tonight to pick up a sandwich for lunch tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I made it most of the way to work last night, but then I hit a bad spot in the sidewalk.
	It was too dark to see and the path was crumbling away on one side.
	In the dark, I couldn&apos;t risk riding too closely to the street, as I&apos;d ride off the curb and attempt to ride back onto it, which would result in my falling over.
	I didn&apos;t have bike lights yet.
	I was technically riding illegally, but I didn&apos;t have much choice; I hadn&apos;t had time to go shopping for bike lights yet, and before this job, I wasn&apos;t one to ride at night.
	It seems I rode too far from the street though.
	I didn&apos;t know that I was that close to the other edge or that the other edge was falling apart.
	I scraped my elbow and took a decent chunk out of the skin on my opposite thumb.
	Luckily, it was my right thumb that took damage, as I prefer to work left-handedly.
	I didn&apos;t have time to stop riding though, so I got back on and rode the rest of the way to work.
	I had been playing music on the way to work, which alerted me to the fact that my mobile had fallen out of my pocket as well.
	As I rode on, the music stayed behind me! If not for the fact that I was playing music, I would have lost the mobile entirely.
	I nearly fell into another collapsed section of the sidewalk, but I managed to see it in time and steer around it.
	By this time, I had turned off the music and had started holding the mobile in my hand, using its torch to faintly light the way.
	This is another reason that I shouldn&apos;t bring my laptop to work.
	If I&apos;m going to go falling off my bike, I risk damaging my laptop, which I can&apos;t afford to replace.
</p>
<p>
	Once I got to work, I was able to assess the damage a bit better.
	My backpack was scraped up.
	My container of marinara that I brought to pour on pasta for lunch had broken and my red B vitamin drink mix had popped open.
	The mixed red mess was everywhere, but very little of it was actually blood.
	My hands were stained red and I had quite a mess to clean up.
	I ended up having to clock in late.
</p>
<p>
	Of four people, only two of us, the boss and I, even showed up for our shift.
	The boss called in the boss from another shift, so there were three of us, but we were still very rushed.
	We had two sapling protector extruders/cutters set up today, and the two bosses worked on one, while I worked on the other.
	I&apos;m the temporary worker that doesn&apos;t have as much experience with this, but I&apos;m the one that didn&apos;t get any help, while the bosses, who should have the most experience, got to work together and thus work at a slower pace.
	This job is hard work and the commute is a pain.
	I&apos;m really earning what little sleep I get.
</p>
<p>
	I came off my first break early, feeling a bit guilty that I clocked in late.
	I use my mobile as a timer to time breaks so I don&apos;t stay too long, so when I went back to work early, it went off a bit later.
	With work being so fast-paced, I didn&apos;t think that I&apos;d be able to turn off the timer, but it actually turned itself off after a while.
	That&apos;s good knowledge to have for later; I don&apos;t need to make sure that I have time to turn off the timer.
</p>
<p>
	The boss that usually doesn&apos;t work through most of my shift offered me more work for next week.
	I was likely going to otherwise be laid off due to lack of work to complete, but as long as I can switch shifts, I will have work for next week!
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m not sure if it was because my regular boss took pity on me or because he thought that I needed a break, but he had me just assemble boxes during the final half of my shift.
	Either way though, I appreciated it a lot! The shifts overlap by half an hour, so the next shift&apos;s workers had arrived and were able to cover my position at the extruder.
	Assembling boxes is busy work, but it&apos;s not as rushed as trying to keep up with a machine.
	Instead, the only machine is just a large fancy stapler, and it waits for you.
	Getting to walk between the stacks of flat boxes to grab short stacks and the stapler to bind the boxes was also a nice chance to stretch my legs.
</p>
<p>
	I went into the store on the way home to buy potato patties for the next couple days and a more usable bike lock.
	I forgot to grab the lock though.
	Whatever.
	If I can wait until the end of next week before getting a new lock, I&apos;ll be able to get a new lock from my old house.
	The rain ruined my resume though, so I wasn&apos;t able to hand that in at the other temp agency.
	Additionally, they gave me an application to fill out, so I brought that home after the rain had stopped.
	I&apos;ll fill it out as time allows.
</p>
<p>
	I received a follow-up postcard about the jury summons.
	They have deferred my jury summons to next April.
	The person said that if transportation is still an issue at that time, I am to telephone her.
	I guess that she didn&apos;t take into account the fact that I mentioned not having telephone service; I can&apos;t call her.
	I might not even be in the county next April, so it might not be a problem, but if I&apos;m still here, I&apos;m going to have a long commute ahead of me.
</p>
<p>
	I found that my mobile was no longer capable of using <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr>, which severely limits its usefulness to me! However, after a bit of experimenting, it seems that it&apos;s actually just no longer capable of using <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr> over its usual cord, though that cord is still able to charge the device.
	The device is able to use a different cord for <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr>, a cord that I hadn&apos;t used before today.
	I think that my other cord got damaged when I crashed my bicycle.
	I&apos;ll add that to the total damage done.
</p>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t have time to get to sleep on time tonight.
	There&apos;s just so much to get done and so little time to do it in.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

