<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cover blown &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cover blown</h1>
			<p>Day 00407: Sunday, 2016 April 17</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today&apos;s Esperanto lesson involved translating times of day.
	If my understanding is correct, Esperanto doesn&apos;t have a concept of &quot;<abbr title="ante meridiem">a.m.</abbr>&quot; or &quot;<abbr title="post meridiem">p.m.</abbr>&quot;.
	Instead, it might be required that one use a twenty-four hour clock.
	That&apos;s awesome! Twelve-hour clocks are foolish in this day and age.
	My understanding is that they are <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/12-hour_clock#History_and_use">an artifact</a> from back when people used the position of the sun and the other stars to tell the time of day.
	One cycle/system was needed for day, the other for night.
	Once more sophisticated time pieces were developed, such as clocks, there was no longer any need to break the day into two parts.
</p>
<p>
	Before we left, Cyrus offered me our father&apos;s Wi-Fi password.
	I was reluctant to take it at first, as I&apos;d be using our father&apos;s Wi-Fi connection without his knowledge, but I did end up accepting it.
	I won&apos;t be without an Internet connection after all.
</p>
<p>
	Mostly, my mother and I just ran various errands around Springfield all day and didn&apos;t work on the house.
	For the most part, that involed visiting garage sales and second hand stores.
	We didn&apos;t even reach all the second hand store that she wanted to reach though because she got tired.
	Her job is to wrangle little monsters all day, so it makes sense that she&apos;d lack energy.
	I also don&apos;t see her eating many potato products to boost her energy level.
</p>
<p>
	At one sale, the person running it gave us a gratis back brace just because he didn&apos;t want to have to keep it.
	In the coming weeks, I&apos;ll probably try to use that to relieve some of the pain in my own back, as my mother wasn&apos;t interested in that one and has at least two already.
	We were out for quite a while though, and my mother was able to stop at a restaurant to feed herself, but she of course chose a place that wasn&apos;t vegan-friendly.
	I wasn&apos;t able to eat there obviously, so I was getting pretty hungry after a while.
	While she stopped in at a second hand store near my former workplace, I stopped in at my former workplace to order some breadsticks sans cheese.
	The person working the till was one of my former coworkers, and we talked for a bit, but he never rang my order into the register.
	When he later came back with my order, I reminded him that he hadn&apos;t taken my money yet, so he said &quot;Yst, I&apos;m not going to take your money.&quot;.
	Sweet! Gratis breadsticks.
</p>
<p>
	My mother has clarified her instructions to me, and I am not to box everything as was originally thought to be the plan.
	Instead, she wants me to box only what we are keeping, as well as clean and vacuum the place.
	None of the remaining stuff is mine, it&apos;s mostly hers.
	I don&apos;t mean that in a &quot;she has more junk than me&quot; sort of way, as a lot of it if family-used stuff, but how am I possibly to know what she wants kept and not? The instructions have become impossible to follow, and I&apos;m just going to have to do the best that I can.
</p>
<p>
	My father wasn&apos;t around when my mother dropped me off, so she wanted me to try to keep a low profile and remain unnoticed by him for as long as possible.
	I wasn&apos;t able to bring canned foods or make use of the canned food here at the old house though, as I couldn&apos;t seem to find my can opener before we left for Springfield.
	Because of that, I had to head to the local grocery store tonight to get something to eat.
	He spotted me.
	It&apos;s been less than a day, and as luck would have it, he rode by on his motorcycle the first time I set foot outside the house.
	Lovely.
	I told him that I wouldn&apos;t be here long, which isn&apos;t actually a lie, so hopefully he&apos;ll take that to mean that I was to leave later tonight and that I&apos;m already gone by now.
</p>
<p>
	Before she took off, my mother bought all but seven of my single-dollar bills from me.
	The banks won&apos;t be open until tomorrow, so I left the twenty-dollar bills from her at the house.
	I ended up getting just over seven dollars worth of supplies at the store though, so when the cashier rang me up, I asked her to take off one of the items, as I didn&apos;t have the money at the moment.
	She asked if it was just the change that I didn&apos;t have, then just <strong>*gave*</strong> me the extra eighteen cents! Eighteen cents isn&apos;t much, but still, she didn&apos;t have to do that, and it really made my day.
</p>
<p>
	Once we were in Springfield, I remembered that I&apos;d forgotten to bring a pillow and blanket like I&apos;d been planning to.
	I knew that there was a single mattress here, but nothing else really for sleeping.
	I moved the mattress to a usable spot on the floor, then managed to find a very flat pillow and a tiny broken electric blanket.
	The blanket doesn&apos;t heat anymore and doesn&apos;t cover me, while the pillow is far too flat to provide support, but that&apos;s what I get for being absentminded and forgetting to bring my own.
	I&apos;m lucky that these are even here! With my father around, I couldn&apos;t turn on a noisy vacuum cleaner, as I&apos;d get caught again, so I just tried to settle in for the night.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

