<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>CD technology is a pain. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> technology is a pain.</h1>
			<p>Day 00408: <time>Monday, 2016 April 18</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Predictably, the modem went down today.
	When it came back up, I asked Cyrus if he&apos;d reset it, but he said that Vanessa had done it.
	It was down for several hours while they were in school, but <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is still running on <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local.xhtml">cepo</a>, so the bug workaround must be working.
</p>
<p>
	The nearby bank wouldn&apos;t change my money for smaller bills, which is strange, as they&apos;ve done it before.
	It seems that they&apos;ve changed their system, and an account number is needed even for something as simple as making change, even though no changes are made to the account whatsoever.
	I thought that I wouldn&apos;t have much to eat today, but then I ended up taking a trip to my old work place to try to get used boxes that they always throw out.
	They didn&apos;t have any boxes, but because I was in the area, I stopped by one of my credit unions.
	They didn&apos;t even require me to have an account to make change, though I made sure to bring my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> in case they did require an account.
	Later in the day, I also found my can opener in my bag where I thought that I&apos;d put it, but I wasn&apos;t able to find it before we left.
	I have both cash and a stock of random cans that can eat from.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m at a loss as to what to do.
	I&apos;m supposed to vacuum this place while avoiding boxing things that we&apos;re not keeping, but I can&apos;t honestly make any progress with all this stuff scattered about.
	I have no idea what we&apos;re keeping and not, but the fact is, the floors are covered in junk.
	If I don&apos;t box it and get it out of the way, I can&apos;t actually get much vacuuming done.
	I stopped by my former place of employment to ask them for boxes, but they&apos;d already thrown them out for the night.
	Overwhelmed, I mostly took the day off to collect my thoughts and plan for the job ahead of me.
	I did box up the piles of magazines in the living room though.
	I&apos;ll check back tomorrow to see if I can get more boxes.
</p>
<p>
	A long time ago, I saw someone mention ripping vinyl records into <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files on television.
	Assuming that this wasn&apos;t a plot hole and they weren&apos;t using some made-up technology, could I not do the same, but rip into <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files instead? I decided to look into what it would take to rip the bonus record that I got from Marc when I ordered <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/unicorns-get-more-bacon">Unicorns Get More Bacon</a>.
	Attempting to look up the name of this record, it seems that I <a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/27.xhtml">neglected to mention it by name</a>, but the thought of being able to make use of the record after all intrigued me.
	This was just a passing whimsical thought, but it was worth looking into if for no other reason than to help me relax.
	I read an article on <a href="http://www.techhive.com/article/202760/convert_vinyl.html">ripping vinyl records into digital files</a>, and it seems too expensive to me.
	A cheap <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> turntable would cost about $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
	More interestingly though, the article mentions that when you rip a <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, track information is added automatically.
	If this information is being added automatically, it must be on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, right? Additionally, when I ripped Marc&apos;s cover <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, that information was not present in the files obtained.
	Had I ripped the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> incorrectly? I looked into it though, and it seems that many <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> rippers use an <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/CDDB">online database</a> to find the data to add to the ripped tracks; this data isn&apos;t on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> itself.
	However, it got me thinking: the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> does have a concept of track numbers, even if no other meta data is present.
	That data is lost when ripping.
	Should it not be added back? But at the point that I add that information to the files, am I not already modifying the files? Should I also add back in the other missing meta data while I&apos;m at it? I strongly believe that I shouldn&apos;t add missing meta data to music files that I acquire as files.
	After all, if the meta data was meant to be there, it would already be there.
	However, the situation is a bit strange with <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s.
	Transferring the music from <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> to digital file is a change of mediums.
	The meta data is all (or maybe just mostly) there, it&apos;s just printed on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> case insert instead of in the files, as there are no files.
	Should I copy this information into the files? Adding the cover art will prove problematic, as there&apos;s no lossless way to convert the physical cover into a digital image.
</p>
<p>
	I also reconsidered the format for my archive.
	Because the files do not exist as files on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, perhaps the best representation of the original disk for on a file system is a disk image.
	That idea didn&apos;t pan out though, as it turns out that software on the computer can&apos;t actually see the data on the disc.
	Instead, the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> drive reads and interprets the data on the drive, then passes what it finds on to the computer.
	This means that because each track is sent to the machine separately, it&apos;s not possible to view the disc as a whole, so it&apos;s not possible to create (or use) a disc image.
	Worse though, the error correction used when discs are scratched is also performed by the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> drive itself.
	It&apos;s not possible for the computer to know if the data is damaged and had to be repaired! On <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23Debian-Offtopic">#Debian-Offtopic</a>, Nemodir recommended <a href="apt:morituri">Morituri</a>, a <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> ripper that asks the drive to read the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> twice and compares the results in an attempt to detect problems with the physical disc.
	I think I&apos;ll start using that to rip <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s and may rerip Marc&apos;s cover song <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> with it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

