<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>Secretly-nonfree works and hauntingly beautiful piano music &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Secretly-nonfree works and hauntingly beautiful piano music</h1>
			<p>Day 00409: <time>Tuesday, 2016 April 19</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I began the process of setting up email filters with my service provider server-side.
	My hope is that if I can set up filters that replicate my own in-client searches, I can save a lot of time.
	For example, I get a lot of spam that&apos;s written in Cyrillic characters, so I search for characters that seem to be highly-used in that character set to find spam to delete.
	Certain of my email addresses have also succeeded in keeping my main email address away from spammers, but because all email addresses lead to the same inbox, that hasn&apos;t been good for anything besides searches for spam to delete.
	Using filters, I&apos;ve now begun automatically sorting mail sent to those addresses to my spam box as well.
	Lastly, several political mailing lists agrivatingly send about five emails or each day, which fills up my inbox and prevents me from getting to any of my political mail, as I&apos;m too busy sorting it from personal mail.
	Filtering that out as well should make keeping up with email actually possible, or so I hope.
</p>
<p>
	I went back to my former place of employment and was able to get one box, though they said that they&apos;d save boxes for me to pick up later.
	My former boss also offered me my job there back, but I said that the commute was too far, so he jokingly offered me a place to stay with one of the shift leaders.
	I notice though that he didn&apos;t offer to let me stay with him.
	I came back later, and found that they hadn&apos;t actually saved any boxes for me.
	They had a few that they hadn&apos;t flattened yet and gave me those, but the majority had been recycled already.
</p>
<p>
	I found that <a href="https://chiptuneswin.bandcamp.com./track/helix-prophecy">Helix Prophecy</a> and <a href="https://theaeronauts.bandcamp.com./album/the-white-lie-album">The White Lie Album</a>, both of which are on <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a>, are nonfree.
	With those six tracks removed from my music library, I&apos;ve basically paid fifty dollars for only four <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr>-drive-exclusive tracks.
	I am not amused.
	I had no way to know what was on the drive until I bought it though, so it&apos;s not like I could have avoided this.
</p>
<p>
	I started review the albums that I&apos;ve purchased on <a href="https://bandcamp.com/y_st">Bandcamp</a>, something that I should have started a long time ago.
	As an experiment, I left three reviews for <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a>, as I have three copies of it.
	It seems that only one review is displayed on the album&apos;s purchase page when you do that, and you don&apos;t get a choice in which review is used.
	Furthermore, if you rearrange your collection (for example, I try to keep mine alphabetized), that review will overwrite others for the same album, causing the other reviews to be lost entirely.
	This means that even if you have multiple of the same album in your collection for some reason, it&apos;s not worth leaving multiple reviews to get extra character space.
	Speaking of which, reviews have a character limit, so when I merged the three reviews, I had to trim two of them and remove the third entirely.
	It&apos;s too bad, I wanted to include a warning about the files on the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, but that was the main part that needed to be cut.
	I also reviewed a couple of the ambient music albums in my collection.
	Ambient music isn&apos;t so bad in small doses and when you&apos;re not having to frantically rush to perform fast-paced work.
</p>
<p>
	I was looking at Woodward&apos;s Kickstarted campaign again, and it seems that he was supposed to send a photograph of himself holding a &quot;thank you&quot; note.
	I didn&apos;t see that in the package, but I&apos;ll take another look when I get home.
	It&apos;s not like I need this photograph, it was so trivial that I forgot that it was supposed to exist, but it is strange if it&apos;s honestly missing.
	It seems that <a href="https://www.joshwoodward.com/">Josh Woodward</a> is no longer selling individual <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files or <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> albums any more either.
	If you want his work in <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> form, you have to order his full bundle that includes all his <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files.
	Furthermore, it seems that he&apos;s not selling individual tracks or albums at all any more.
	I&apos;m a bit confused by this turn of events.
	It also means that if you want a <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> file for a new track that he releases, you must purchase the full music bundle, even if you&apos;ve already purchased it.
</p>
<p>
	I found a new artist that I like on Bandcamp, a pianist that goes by the names <a href="https://myuu.bandcamp.com/">Myuu</a> and Myuuji.
	I especially love the track <a href="https://myuu.bandcamp.com/track/dont-die-on-me">Don&apos;t Die on Me</a>.
	His work is a bit dark, but it&apos;s hauntingly beautiful.
	I wasn&apos;t planning on buying it until after I get home on Sunday, but I just kept playing Don&apos;t Die on Me until Bandcamp started showing its guilt trip message about opening my heart/wallet.
	Because of that message, I would have bought the album tonight, but Bandcamp kept trying to charge me <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr>.
	I&apos;ll keep trying tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I stumbled upon a useful bug in Bandcamp today.
	While Bandcamp&apos;s server doesn&apos;t complain about a dot being used at the end of a domain when loading a page, its JavaScript doesn&apos;t seem to work when such a fully-qualified domain name is used.
	It&apos;s stupid that Bandcamp doesn&apos;t function without JavaScript, but I can use this bug to make it easier or more difficult to play and purchase music that I link to.
	For example, I linked to two nonfree works in this weblog entry, but if anyone wants to play or buy that music, they&apos;ll need to remove the trailing dot by hand first.
	It doesn&apos;t outright prevent such playing and purchases, but it deters it.
	For Myuu&apos;s work and Shyguy&apos;s free work, I omitted the trailing dot, making playback and purchase slightly easier.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

