<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>A music-purchasing strategy shift &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A music-purchasing strategy shift</h1>
			<p>Day 00410: <time>Wednesday, 2016 April 20</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I bought <a href="https://myuu.bandcamp.com/">Myuu</a>&apos;s colective works on Bandcamp today, but upon returning to Bandcamp from PayPal, Bandcamp gave me a 403 error.
	What in the world? I&apos;ve never had Bandcamp block me when I use <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>! I tried sending <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> a HUP signal though, and the problem went away.
	I guess that Bandcamp doesn&apos;t like that one exit node, though I&apos;m not sure what exit node that that is.
	I wonder what happened through that exit node to make Bandcamp ban it.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from Marc With a C saying that he&apos;s having a clearout sale on some of his vinyl records.
	He&apos;s almost ot of stock on these, and apparently wants to get the remaining few out of his hair.
	If you purchase <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/exactly-where-i-am">Exactly Where I Am</a>, <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/normal-bias-remaster">Normal Bias (Remaster)</a>, <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/lifes-so-hard">Life&apos;s So Hard</a>, <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/this-world-is-scary-as-f-k">This World Is Scary As F**k</a> (Marc censored that, not me), or <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/the-real-live-sound-of-marc-with-a-c">The Real Live Sound Of Marc With a C</a> in vinyl form by May first, he&apos;ll throw in a copy of <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/pop-pop-pop-2">Pop! Pop! Pop!</a> on vinyl as well.
	The Real Live Sound Of Marc With a C and Normal Bias (Remaster) come with vinyl-only tracks, but because digitizing them isn&apos;t cost-effective or clean, they aren&apos;t of any interest to me beyond whimsical &quot;what if he released digital copies of these tracks?&quot; thoughts.
	Life&apos;s So Hard also contains a vinyl-only bonus track, but i have one of those large plastic discs in my closet already alongside This World Is Scary As F**k and a two-track record that appears to be nameless.
	If you&apos;re going to take Marc up on this offer (and don&apos;t want to buy all five before you lose your chance), I think that the This World Is Scary As F**k is potentially the most fruitful.
	The description still mentions the digital-only bonus albums, which may or may not still be available if you purchase that album.
</p>
<p>
	Later, I went through Marc&apos;s catalog to put his albums on my wish list.
	I found that I couldn&apos;t put <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/actual-bubblegum-pop">Actual Bubblegum Pop</a> on my wish list though, as Marc refuses to accept payment for that one.
	I downloaded it gratis, but then I went on a gratis music binge, downloading several albums from Marc and other artists that I could (and likely will) eventually purchase.
	While putting the rest of Marc&apos;s catalog on my wish list, I ran across <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/human-slushy">The Early Stuff CD</a>, a <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>-only work that contains both tracks that are available for digital download and tracks that aren&apos;t.
	I should have bought that instead of <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/exactly-where-i-am">Exactly Where I Am</a> in <a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/03.xhtml">August</a>! I like Exactly Where I Am, but I don&apos;t need a physical copy of it.
	In any case, I sort of regret hastily purchasing Myuu&apos;s collective works now, and I&apos;d like to place an order for this <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> when I get home, both to get the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>-only tracks and to support Marc and his sale without actually involving any vinyl.
	I&apos;ve also thought about it though, and I think that I&apos;m paying too much for music.
	My initial plan was to pay five dollars for each album that didn&apos;t have a price tag on it, but due to an PayPal being a pain and me being sloppy in testing, I ended up accidentally paying double what I had intended to.
	I was frustrated at first, but I ended up making a habit of paying ten dollars for each name-your-price album to support artists more.
	Digital downloads take less money to produce though, so it shouldn&apos;t be a problem to pay less, especially given my financial situation.
	I&apos;m also starting to leave positive reviews on each album that I buy, and maybe that&apos;s worth something as well.
	I also pay too much to Josh Woodward, so it&apos;s not like I&apos;m not supporting the arts.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of music, I got Cyrus to check the mail yesterday.
	He told me that he&apos;d check daily and I asked him about it two days ago, but it seems that he had forgotten and that my message had gotten lost due to our faulty modem.
	The package from Brandt Cooley has arrived! Based on the feel of the package, it contains both the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> and the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive.
	I never got the shipping refund that Shyguy had promised, but at least he didn&apos;t pay to ship two packages when one would suffice.
	If you have two things to send someone, it seems illogical to send it as two separate packages.
</p>
<p>
	Through a lot of the day, I had two songs stuck in my head simultaneously, which was a strangeness that I&apos;ve never experienced before.
	The main song was Myuu&apos;s <a href="https://myuu.bandcamp.com/track/dont-die-on-me">Don&apos;t Die on Me</a>, of course, but I never could pinpoint what the second song (a chiptune song by <a href="http://professorshyguy.com/">Professor Shyguy</a>).
	I thought that it was <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/track/new-treasure-seeker">New Treasure Seeker</a>, but that wasn&apos;t quite right.
	Every time that I&apos;d try to listen to Shyguy&apos;s work to find the song, it&apos;d drive the chiptune song out of my head for quite a while, so as I had work to do, it wasn&apos;t a good use of my time to work on this and I gave up quickly.
</p>
<p>
	I went to my former place of employment again for boxes.
	I was able to get quite a few this time, and it should be all that I need for now.
	On the way there, I went through a dead-end street leading to a field that many people cut through as a shortcut on foot.
	On that dead-end street, there were three mail carriers, each with their own mail-carrying car.
	Why would three mail carriers be needed for one small dead-end street?
</p>
<p>
	It seems that this week is my father&apos;s vacation week or something.
	He&apos;s been around the house all day.
	I was waiting for him to leave so I could vacuum, as my mother wanted me to stay under his <abbr title="Radio Detection And Ranging">radar</abbr>, but I haven&apos;t even gotten one room vacuumed yet.
	I need to actually get started on this.
	I emailed my mother to let her know of the situation and that I planned to start vacuuming soon because of the limited amount of time.
	She replied that she wanted me to instead wait until Friday, when my father would have to pick up Cyrus and Vanessa, leaving a four-hour window in which he&apos;d be away and I could vacuum without his knowledge.
	Really!? A four-hour window to vacuum an entire house that&apos;s filled with junk? I&apos;m going to have to cut major corners to pull that off.
	Even more stuff will need to be boxed too, in order to make it mobile enough to vacuum under most piles of junk.
	I likely won&apos;t have time to vacuum under several things as well.
	This sucks, and it&apos;s a stupid plan, but whatever.
	I&apos;ll do as I&apos;ve been instructed.
	I&apos;ll spend my time until Friday boxing things in preparation.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

