<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>SHYDRIVE and The Early Stuff CD &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>SHYDRIVE and The Early Stuff CD</h1>
			<p>Day 00414: Sunday, 2016 April 24</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t get as much cleaning done as I&apos;d hoped in the girls&apos; bedroom.
	My mother seemed fine with the amount that I&apos;d gotten done around the house, but I know if I&apos;d put in a bit more effort, I&apos;d have gotten more done.
	That place is so draining though, and I didn&apos;t have a proper pillow or blanket to sleep with, so I wasn&apos;t getting as much rest as I should have.
</p>
<p>
	We stopped at more second hand stores in Springfield before picking up Vanessa and Cyrus, then we headed home.
	I was anxious to take a look at the package from <a href="http://professorshyguy.com/">Brandt Cooley</a>, but we spent the remaining daylight hours gathering bullet shells in the hills.
</p>
<p>
	Once we arrived at home, I found that the package from Brant contained both the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> and the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive.
	The <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> didn&apos;t arrive as quickly as I thought that it would have if he&apos;d sent it right away, so i was actually hoping that he&apos;d decided to save on postage by sending the two together.
	There&apos;s no need to pay the post office any more than you need to to get your items shipped.
	The <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> case looks interesting, but I can&apos;t get a good look tonight.
	I can&apos;t see well, as Cyrus has decided that we should use dim solar-powered lights in our bedroom.
	I certainly wouldn&apos;t want to discourage an attempt to do things in a more environmentally-conscious manor.
	I&apos;ll need to take a better look by daylight tomorrow.
	Both <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/">Marc</a>&apos;s <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> and Shyguy&apos;s <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> lack CD-Text; or perhaps my <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> drive simply can&apos;t read it.
	I suspect the former though.
	<a href="apt:morituri">Morituri</a> is trying to reach the Internet in order to retrieve meta data to use, but it&apos;s failing to perform a rip on Professor Shyguy&apos;s <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a>.
	I&apos;m not even going to try to debug that though, as if the tool is going to try to use meta data taken from the Internet, it&apos;s of no use to me.
	The <code>cd-text</code> command shows a lack of meta data on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s though, which may be the cause of Morituri trying to get it from elsewhere.
	I&apos;ll just rip the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s using drag-and-drop and hope that the bits aren&apos;t damaged because the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s are brand new and without scratches when I perform the rips.
	I put in an order for a third <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/human-slushy">The Early Stuff CD</a>, which will likely also not have meta data.
	I&apos;ll probably spend tomorrow adding meta data to the first two <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s.
	I should really avoid buying more music for a while now, I&apos;ve put too much money into my collection in this past short while.
</p>
<p>
	The new <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive is a bit different than the last one.
	The data inside seems to be the same save for the fact that it contains <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/instrumentation">Instrumentation</a> and has a new drive name.
	Instead of the drive having the generic name <code>DISK_IMG</code>, it&apos;s now called <code>SHYDRIVE</code>.
	I&apos;ll need to check to see if all the other files are the same later, but for now, I just backed the data from the drive up so that I could wipe it.
	A quick glance through shows that many of the same songs that were missing from the original drive are missing from this one too though.
	The SHYDRIVE looks more professional than the last one.
	Instead of a tiny plastic fragment being glued to the inner drive to allow extraction using one&apos;s finger nail, the drive&apos;s electronic component is curved and needs no extra grip.
	The catch though is that the drive no longer tucks away fully, so it&apos;s more easily damaged and doesn&apos;t fit inside the Game Boy game protecting case as well.
	The drive also uses a different Game Boy game shell than the one that I sent back.
	My hope is that Brandt plans to disassemble it later to reuse the case and that to speed things along, he just sent me a different drive that he&apos;d already assembled.
	After all, if he&apos;s not going to reuse the case and the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive is defective, it was a waste to send it back.
	It was an interesting novelty item.
	The SHYDRIVE is also only a thirty-two gigabyte drive instead of the previous sixty-four gigabyte drive.
	I now suspect that this is the reason that the drive&apos;s purchase page is inconsistent.
	The old drives, one of which I purchased, were sixty-four gigabyte drives.
	However, when found unreliable, Brandt started using different drives, this time thirty-two gigabytes in size.
	He must not have fully updated the product-listing pages.
	With that in mind, it seems like it&apos;s a rip off to replace the drive with a smaller one.
	People who paid for the initial one did so with the knowledge that they were getting the larger size of drive! This is a bit annoying, but I will ignore it.
	This was never about the physical drive anyway, it was about the files that the drive contained, files that weren&apos;t available for download.
	Files that turned out to be only three in number.
	I did some minor testing, adding one large ZIP file to the drive, removing the drive, and reconnecting to see if the file was still there.
	That went well, so formatted the drive as ext2, then started transferring the original files back onto it from the backup.
	That process won&apos;t be complete tonight, so I&apos;ll check on it in the morning.
</p>
<p>
	Tonight, I get to sleep in a bed with a working pillow and a full-sized blanket.
	Perfect, I&apos;m very tired.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

