<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>Evolution is leaking DNS requests! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Evolution is leaking <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> requests!</h1>
			<p>Day 00415: Monday, 2016 April 25</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The SHYDRIVE appears to function normally! The lower storage capacity makes me reluctant to use this drive to store music archives though, so I&apos;ve set it aside for now.
	<a href="apt:pcmanfm">PCMan File Manager</a> doesn&apos;t seem to shut down my external hard drive after dismounting it like <a href="apt:thunar">Thunar</a> does.
	I&apos;m not sure if this is a feature, allowing the drive to be removed safely or remounted, or a bug, preventing the drive from actually being dismounted correctly.
</p>
<p>
	I am trying to back up my music collection in the most accurate way possible.
	To me, that means that if an artist provided <abbr title="Waveform Audio File Format">WAVE</abbr> files, which aren&apos;t able to contain meta data, I don&apos;t back up any meta data.
	Likewise, if the artist provides <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr>, Vorbis, or <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files without meta data or with incomplete meta data, I don&apos;t add any missing data.
	To add the missing meta data would be to archive a modified version of the file, not the original file.
	However, I have two <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s to archive as well.
	It&apos;s my understanding that it&apos;s not possible with current technology to make a disk image of an audio <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, which is what I&apos;d consider to be the most accurate representation of the music.
	Instead, the music must be ripped into files.
	When doing this, no meta data is available, as the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s lack meta data.
	In fact, even the track numbers are lost.
	The <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s do contain track numbers by design, so it would make sense to convert the ripped <abbr title="Waveform Audio File Format">WAVE</abbr> files into <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files, then add the track number meta data.
	The fact is though, the music data has had to switch between two incompatible digital formats, one of which in a way actually exists outside of digital data.
	I&apos;ve decided to add some of that data back in, if for no other reason, for my own ease.
	I found that <a href="apt:kid3-qt">Kid3</a> doesn&apos;t allow adding of arbitrary tags as is allowed in Vorbis comments.
	Instead, a discreet number of tags are available to choose from, some of which are validated against some syntax and the tag value is thrown out if it doesn&apos;t conform.
	I&apos;ve decided to copy all text from the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s and their cases into plain text files to include in the archives that I&apos;m building of the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s and add only a few limited tags to the actual <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files.
	I&apos;ve added &quot;Title&quot;, &quot;Artist&quot;, &quot;Album&quot;, &quot;Track Number&quot;, and &quot;Album Artist&quot; tags, all of which are known to be used by Replicant.
	I&apos;ve also added &quot;Website&quot; and &quot;LICENSE&quot; tags, just in case my files end up in someone else&apos;s hands.
	As for cover art, I&apos;ve made no attempt to digitize the album covers.
	The fact is, I only have tow options for such digitization.
	I could use my mobile&apos;s blurry camera, but the results would be, well, blurry.
	I could use my mother&apos;s scanner, but that scanner isn&apos;t free software compatible, and I&apos;d hate to introduce some artifact from a scanner that I can&apos;t actually endorse, especially if there&apos;s an easy way to find out what scanner was used (I&apos;m not sure if there&apos;s an easy way or not).
	Fragmentation&apos;s product page has a photograph of the front and back of the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> case, so I included both photographs in my archive.
	Marc&apos;s cover <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> never had a product page, so it was a bit trickier.
	I grabbed the photograph of Marc from his short autobiography on Bandcamp to use as the cover art.
	That&apos;s far from cannon at for the album, but it&apos;s good enough for now.
</p>
<p>
	While trying to examine the insert of the <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a> <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, I broke a small brittle spot on the case.
	I also see a small chip that I&apos;m not sure I had anything to do with.
	Why are <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> cases so fragile? For that matter, <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s get scratched up way too easily as well.
	Music downloads are so much better.
	They aren&apos;t subject to physical damage as much, they are way easier to back up and/or duplicate, and there&apos;s no shipping to wait for.
	Downloads take minutes or hours, not days!
</p>
<p>
	I checked on the package from Josh Woodward, and the promised photograph is indeed missing.
	I should examine the scratch paper that he did send later, but I don&apos;t have time today.
	He&apos;s also neglected to send the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> so far.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/human-slushy">The Early Stuff CD</a> is now shown as being sold out.
	This could mean either of two things.
	It could mean that my purchase caused Marc to notice that the album was still shown as being available when he doesn&apos;t sell them any more, in which case he&apos;ll likely send a refund in the near future.
	The alternative is that I&apos;ve purchased the actual last copy of the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>.
	Again, digital music downloads are so much better than physical copies.
	Physical copies are so finite!
</p>
<p>
	It seems that I received a letter from my primary health care provider while I was in Springfield saying that they&apos;ve changed which office that they want me to go to one of their closer clinics instead of the one off on the far side of the city.
	I didn&apos;t make any move to request this, they did it on their own, but I&apos;m happy with the decision.
	My mother thinks that it&apos;s still too far, but it&apos;s well within walking range, let alone biking range.
	I&apos;ve also received my final paycheck for my last job.
	I should go deposit that when I have time.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="Client for URLs/Client URL Request Library/Curl URL Request Library">cURL</abbr> developers have closed the <a href="https://github.com/curl/curl/issues/716">bug report</a> pertaining to their invalid stripping of trailing dots on fully-qualified domain names and have documented the bug as a feature.
	I failed to get them to fix the problem, but no one can say that I didn&apos;t try.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="apt:evolution">Evolution</a> has been failing to connect to mail servers all day, claiming that it can&apos;t reach the servers as long as I&apos;m offline.
	I&apos;ve been online most of the day though, and other applications reach the Internet just fine.
	I finally debugged the situation at the end of the day, and it seems to have been a combination of two problems.
	First, <a href="apt:bind9">Bind9</a> somehow crashed.
	I&apos;m not clear on what happened, but I suspect that it has to do with the modem going down, like was happening with the <a href="apt:tor"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr></a> crashes.
	Second, Evolution is leaking <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> requests! With the <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server down, it gave the illusion that there was no Internet connection.
	If Evolution was using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> properly though, the crashed <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server wouldn&apos;t have been a problem.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

