<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>One of five!? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>One of five!?</h1>
			<p>Day 00416: Tuesday, 2016 April 26</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I biked out to to the store to get some potato-based pasta.
	That stuff is delicious with marinara!
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from Marc saying that my copy of <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/human-slushy">The Early Stuff CD</a> has shipped - and that it&apos;s the last of its kind.
	It seems that I&apos;m helping Marc clear out his inventory after all.
	I still have to agree with what I said yesterday though.
	I much prefer digital downloads and the fact that they&apos;re not so finite.
	I also have to wonder about just how finite these <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s are.
	According to the product page, five people have bought a digital copy of Human Slushy and/or a physical copy of The Early Stuff CD.
	In theory, that means that at most, there are five of this <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>.
	Why would there be so few? I can only hope that Marc sold most of these <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s outside of Bandcamp and that there are actually a fair number of them.
	I&apos;ve taken another look through Marc&apos;s catalog, and one of his albums that I&apos;ve seen before caught my eye: <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/hrg-vol-1">HRG - Vol.
	1</a>.
	I&apos;ve never known what &quot;HRG&quot; means, but now I think that this is the &quot;lost&quot; &quot;Hey Rape Girl!&quot; EP that comes on The Early Stuff CD.
	(&quot;Lost&quot; is in quotes not because Marc said that it was lost, but because I thought that it was lost.) The <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> also contains &quot;bonus live tracks from the 2003 era&quot;, so I still anxiously await its arrival.
</p>
<p>
	I looked through the job listings at the temp agency, and it seems that they&apos;ve reapplied me for one that I&apos;d previously been turned down for.
	If they&apos;re going to reapply me for jobs as they open back up, it should speed up my job search.
	I&apos;ve also applied for two more jobs.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus showed me a supposedly tuition-free university! I&apos;ll have to look into it once I finish catching up on some other work.
</p>
<p>
	Josh Woodward announced the release of Addressed to the Stars via email, but he still hasn&apos;t sent the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files that he promised.
	I might need to write to him about this at some point, but I think that I&apos;ll wait for now.
</p>
<p>
	My mother says that we should host a garage sale this upcoming weekend.
	I&apos;m considering trying to sell my <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s and especially my vinyl records.
	I won&apos;t offer much of a discount on them though, so I don&apos;t expect that they&apos;ll sell.
	If they do sell, it would spread the artists&apos; work a bit while also netting me funds to get more music (or to recover a bit from what I&apos;ve already put into my collection).
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to remove the link to the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

