<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m considering switching to LXDE. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m considering switching to <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>.</h1>
			<p>Day 00417: Wednesday, 2016 April 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Xfce doesn&apos;t offer a way to disable <a href="apt:xfdesktop4">Xfdesktop</a> and <a href="apt:pcmanfm">PCMan File Manager</a> is working well for me.
	<abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> may have improved since I last tried it.
	After all, PCMan File Manager is native to <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>.
	I might try it again soon.
	I&apos;ve also come to the realization that the reason that dragging a file from the desktop to a directory displayed in <a href="apt:thunar">Thunar</a> copies the file instead of moving it could have something to do with the fact that the desktop manager and the file manager aren&apos;t the same application.
	The two applications probably aren&apos;t perfectly calibrated for this sort of interaction, and as the bug exists in the way that the two interact, not in one of the applications individually, it&apos;s much easier to overlook.
	If Thunar was in charge of both the desktop and file management, dragging from the desktop would be no different than dragging from a directory displayed in a window.
</p>
<p>
	<abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> hassled <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a> about her whois details not being accurate.
	She had a valid email address, but not a valid postal address.
	I agreed to allow her to use me as a proxy, using my address instead of hers.
	The condition on this was that she use her own valid telephone number, so that I wouldn&apos;t get in trouble for invalid contact information.
	There&apos;s a reason that I don&apos;t use <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>s.
	Anyway, Web Listings Inc.
	decided to send her postal spam, so it arrived on my house.
	They want wowaname to pay $85 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year to get <a href="https://afsadgsdcgdcfgefcasfcascfsadf.com./">afsadgsdcgdcfgefcasfcascfsadf.com.</a> listed in search engines.
	Seriously? They obviously haven&apos;t taken a look at the website, and probably aven&apos;t even taken a look at the domain.
	I&apos;m unsure why she even registered that monstrosity, but I doubt that it&apos;ll ever be useful.
</p>
<p>
	Wolf put into words something that I needed to hear today, though he didn&apos;t say it to me:
</p>
<blockquote><p>
	@Wolf and astrid I understand getting trolled here hurts sometimes, at times opal makes me want to shed a tear so I go afk and go somewhere else for a bit, this server will always be mean to people from time to time and today its your turn to play bitch<br/>
@opal ♥ thanks wolf ♥<br/>
@opal ♥ beautiful words ♥<br/>
@Wolf i speak the truth<br/>
@Wolf lol<br/>
@Yst I always wondered what it was.
	I could never find a pattern to the attacks.
</p></blockquote>
<p>
	I need to keep in mind that wowaname (opal) is a troll.
	She likes to cause problems sometimes, people don&apos;t have to <strong>*do*</strong> anything to set her off necessarily.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve applied for one more job with the temp agency today.
	I think that the temp agency is my best bet for getting a short-term job to fill the space between now and when we move.
	I don&apos;t really have time for a full-length job right now.
</p>
<p>
	<strong>*UPDATE (<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/28.xhtml">2016-04-28</a>)*:</strong> When I first wrote this entry, I used the duel pronoun &quot;he/she&quot; to refer to Wolf.
	I didn&apos;t know Wolf&apos;s preferred pronoun at the time.
	Wolf has taken offense to this and wants to assert that he is in fact male.
	This entry has been amended to reflect that.
	My apologies, no offense was meant.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

