<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>My first day back on LXDE &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My first day back on <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr></h1>
			<p>Day 00418: Thursday, 2016 April 28</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;ve installed <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, so I&apos;ll be using that for a while; just until I can remember why I don&apos;t like <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> and go crawling back to Xfce as I always do.
	I always have problems when I install multiple desktops.
	The problem is that I can never get the second desktop removed.
	You can purge the initial main package that you installed, but stupidly, it doesn&apos;t remove all the packages that it pulled in.
	To do that, you need a list of every package that you installed.
	In case the need arises, this is what I ended up installing:
</p>
<blockquote><pre>yst@newdawn.hn.y.st.:~$ sudo aptitude install lxde
[sudo] password for yst: 
The following NEW packages will be installed:
  alsamixergui clipit galculator gksu gnome-mplayer gnome-system-tools 
  gpicview gtk2-engines{a} leafpad libgda-5.0-4{a} libgda-5.0-common{a} 
  libgksu2-0{a} libgmlib1{a} libgmtk1{a} libgmtk1-data{a} libgtop2-7{a} 
  libgtop2-common{a} libmusicbrainz3-6{a} libobrender29{a} libobt2{a} 
  liboobs-1-5{a} libuser1{a} libxdo3{a} lxappearance lxappearance-obconf 
  lxde lxde-common lxde-core lxde-icon-theme lxinput lxpanel{a} 
  lxpanel-data{a} lxrandr lxsession{a} lxtask{a} lxterminal menu{a} 
  menu-xdg mplayer2{a} obconf{a} openbox system-tools-backends{a} usermode 
  xdotool{a} 
0 packages upgraded, 44 newly installed, 0 to remove and 5 not upgraded.
Need to get 16,0 MB/17,1 MB of archives.
	After unpacking 53,7 MB will be used.
Do you want to continue? [Y/n/?]</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	My &quot;guise&quot; script that I use to run alternate instances of software sandboxed from my real name quit working after switching to <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>.
	I tracked the issue down to the <code>XDG_CONFIG_HOME</code> environmental variable, which my script was failing to set.
	With that fixed, my script now works in <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> as well as Xfce, and presumably should work with some other applications that it was failing to work for in Xfce.
</p>
<p>
	<abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> keeps beeping at me.
	I haven&apos;t figured out why yet.
	Additionally, there seems to be no battery power level indicator in available in the main <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> install.
	I&apos;m going to try to find an indicator to install tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My mother came home early today, then Vanessa, Cyrus, our mother, and I all headed out to the hills to pick up bullet shells for several hours.
	I&apos;m really lost as to what my mother&apos;s fascination is with this activity.
</p>
<p>
	Wolf is offended that I used the pronoun pair &quot;he/she&quot; to refer to him in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/27.xhtml">yesterday</a>&apos;s weblog entry.
	Not knowing what pronoun to use at the time, I tried to do the non-offensive thing by using both separated by a slash, but it seems that I can&apos;t avoid offending people even that way.
	This whole gender-based pronoun thing is exceedingly idiotic.
	There should be one pronoun used to refer to both genders.
	If that were the case, things like yesterday&apos;s mishap wouldn&apos;t happen.
	I apologize Wolf, but I don&apos;t know what else I could have done.
</p>
<p>
	Pinentry is a pain in my neck.
	I really hate the thing.
	It refuses to allow users to paste in passwords, but <abbr title="GNU Privacy Guard">GnuPG</abbr> requires its use, most likely in an attempt to aggravate people and convince them not to encrypt things.
	Okay, maybe that&apos;s not the real intended purpose, but it nearly got me to quit using <abbr title="GNU Privacy Guard">GnuPG</abbr> when I first started dealing with Pinentry.
	In Xfce, Pinentry changed its behavior a bit upon activating <abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> services in the Xfce settings.
	Pinentry was still stupidly annoying, but much less so.
	Here in <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, Xfce&apos;s settings obviously have no effect, so Pinentry went back to being the most painful and obnoxious piece of software installed on my system.
	I decided to see if it was possible to uninstall it without uninstalling <abbr title="GNU Privacy Guard">GnuPG</abbr>, so I did a search to find the package name.
	I found that there are several versions of Pinentry, so instead of uninstalling it right away, I installed the <a href="apt:pinentry-curses">curses version</a>.
	After all, what is curses possibly going to do to aggravate me? Figuring that the new version of Pinentry would be a drop-in replacement for the one I&apos;d been dealing with, I purged the <a href="apt:pinentry-gtk2"><abbr title="GIMP Toolkit">GTK+</abbr> version</a>.
	This required me to also remove an old <a href="apt:sylpheed">mail client</a> that I haven&apos;t used in a while, but has successfully prevented Pinentry from being even mildly annoying.
	As an experiment, I tried to purge the curses version of Pinentry too, but as expected, several things including <abbr title="GNU Privacy Guard">GnuPG</abbr> would have ended up uninstalled as well.
	Still, this is a major win for me.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

