<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>My tooth broke again ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My tooth broke again ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00419: Friday, 2016 April 29</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My bad tooth broke further today.
	This really sucks.
	It doesn&apos;t hurt, but that damage could have probably been prevented if the dentist had an earlier appointment available.
</p>
<p>
	I did some more testing with Pinentry.
	It seems that the <a href="apt:pinentry-gnome3"><abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> version of Pinentry</a> doesn&apos;t have the annoying anti-paste code that the <abbr title="GIMP Toolkit">GTK+</abbr> version has.
	It still steals focus and prevents typing anywhere outside that window, but it&apos;s like the version of the Pinentry that was running when <abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> services were running, despite the <abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> version not being installed at that time.
</p>
<p>
	With help from iyanmv in <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23LXDE">#LXDE</a>, I got the battery monitor plugin set up for the <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> panel.
	He said to add this to <a href="file:///home/yst/.config/lxpanel/LXDE/panels/panel">~/.config/lxpanel/LXDE/panels/panel</a> and restart:
</p>
<blockquote><pre>Plugin {
	type = batt
}</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	Doing that not only added the battery monitor to the panel, but also added the option to add them via the graphical list of plugins.
	Why was this not on the list before? I&apos;m so confused.
	Iyanmv also said that next time that I install a desktop, I&apos;ll have better luck if I do it through <a href="apt:tasksel">tasksel</a>, and that tasksel would set the desktop up correctly so I wouldn&apos;t end up in a strange state like I apparently did this time.
	I&apos;ve also modified my custom session to use <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> instead of Xfce, so next time that I restart my session, I&apos;ll have my Esperanto accented character input capabilities back.
</p>
<p>
	I added tests for <del>two</del> <ins>eight</ins> more functions in <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>, but I really don&apos;t feel like writing more debug code right now.
	I&apos;d like to move on with actual development.
	If I&apos;d written the test cases when originally writing the code that it tested, I wouldn&apos;t have so much debug code to write right now.
	Until there&apos;s a reason to push a release, I won&apos;t cut corners and push one without the proper testing, though if a reason that a release must be made comes along, I might release the code as-is.
	This release has already had more testing than the last release, <del>and I think that the most problematic component is among those that&apos;ve been tested</del>.
	<ins>Never mind, I found another bug once I wrote the third test for the day.</ins> I&apos;m dealing with the fact that development of include.d didn&apos;t start out very organized, so bringing everything up to standard is a bit of an incremental process.
	It&apos;s more important that new code has tests written for it right away than that the old code be dealt with right this moment.
	I considered creating my new branch to work in that would be used only for code dealing with <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> schemes now.
	I&apos;ve been planning this branch for a while, and it won&apos;t be a main development branch.
	Instead, it&apos;ll be a slow-progress branch that is worked on alongside the main development branch as not to interfere with work on smaller and at-the-time useful branches.
	However, I quickly realized that this isn&apos;t an option yet.
	While the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> branch is very much going to be created at some point, it can&apos;t make progress until my current working branch is merged.
	This branch made major changes to the base <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> class and contains a few new classes that are good for dealing with <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s of a known scheme, which is what the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> branch is all about.
	I suppose that means that if I get fed up writing debug code and need to work on some <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-parsing code to take a break, that will have to be reason enough to make the next release after all.
	The current working branch is more of a doozy than it was meant to be, and not much can happen until it is released.
	That said, if this release is so big, should it not be fully-tested? I should keep working on the debug code as long as I can stand to.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that the beeping that I was hearing yesterday was from <a href="apt:weechat">WeeChat</a>.
	It doesn&apos;t seem to beep in Xfce.
	I&apos;m not sure if it&apos;s that Xfce&apos;s terminal emulator is less supportive of beeps than <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>&apos;s terminal emulator or if it&apos;s a deeper difference between the two desktops.
	While it&apos;s nice to have the beeping working better here on <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, I&apos;ve found that my volume keys no longer have an effect.
	I&apos;ll need to look into this tomorrow.
	I&apos;m starting to recall my problems with <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>; lack of volume key support was one of the major issues that I had with the desktop.
</p>
<p>
	My mother says that&apos;s she&apos;s tired and doesn&apos;t want us to run a garage sale tomorrow.
	That&apos;s too bad, I was starting to look forward to it.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa, Cyrus, and I went for a short walk to a park that they knew of.
	It wasn&apos;t far, but once we got there, we headed back.
	I think that they know the residential area of the city better than I do.
	Most of my exploration of the town has been in the business district.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

