<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>LXDE may be usable after all. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/04-April/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> may be usable after all.</h1>
			<p>Day 00420: <time>Saturday, 2016 April 30</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	It seems that <a href="apt:links">Links</a> and <a href="apt:links2">Links2</a> don&apos;t render <code>&lt;del/&gt;</code> and <code>&lt;ins/&gt;</code> tags in any visibly-different way.
	My use of them in this journal is very rare, but when I do use them, I use them with purpose.
	I can&apos;t readily remove them.
	I&apos;m not sure what to do about this issue.
	I could of course fix the issue using <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>, but Links and Links2 don&apos;t use <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>.
	A friend recommended using the character sequence &quot;^H&quot;, as it &quot;represents a deletion&quot;.
	The question is though, to whom does it represent this? If I recall, it represents the deletion of an entire word in some sort of software, but I don&apos;t expect that everyone is familiar with that software.
	I don&apos;t even know <strong>*what*</strong> software it is or for sure that it is in fact to delete a word.
	I&apos;d love to support as many Web browsers as possible, but there comes a point where support requires degrading the page too much.
	I&apos;m open to any suggestions that people might have to work around this limitation, but for now, I&apos;m going to have to file this under Links quirks along with Links&apos; inability to differentiate between the <code>text/html</code> and <code>application/xhtml+xml</code> <code>Content-Type</code> headers and Links&apos; mishandling of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s of an unknown scheme.
</p>
<p>
	I can&apos;t be the only person having problems with the volume controls in <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, as I think that this happens every time that I use <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, not just on this machine.
	I dicided to do a quick Web search, and some instructions for fixing it came up pretty quickly.
	The <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> wiki said to add the following to <a href="file://home/yst/.config/openbox/lxde-rc.xml">~/.config/openbox/lxde-rc.xml</a> within the <code>&lt;keyboard/&gt;</code> element:
</p>
<blockquote><pre><code>&lt;!-- Begin code from &lt;http://wiki.lxde.org./en/LXDE:Questions#How_do_I_make_my_keyboard_volume_buttons_work.3F&gt; --&gt;
   &lt;keybind key=&quot;XF86AudioLowerVolume&quot;&gt;
     &lt;action name=&quot;Execute&quot;&gt;
       &lt;startupnotify&gt;
         &lt;enabled&gt;true&lt;/enabled&gt;
         &lt;name&gt;amixer&lt;/name&gt;
       &lt;/startupnotify&gt;
       &lt;command&gt;amixer -c 0 set Master 5- unmute&lt;/command&gt;
     &lt;/action&gt;
   &lt;/keybind&gt;
   &lt;keybind key=&quot;XF86AudioRaiseVolume&quot;&gt;
     &lt;action name=&quot;Execute&quot;&gt;
       &lt;startupnotify&gt;
         &lt;enabled&gt;true&lt;/enabled&gt;
         &lt;name&gt;amixer&lt;/name&gt;
       &lt;/startupnotify&gt;
       &lt;command&gt;amixer -c 0 set Master 5+ unmute&lt;/command&gt;
     &lt;/action&gt;
   &lt;/keybind&gt;
   &lt;keybind key=&quot;XF86AudioMute&quot;&gt;
     &lt;action name=&quot;Execute&quot;&gt;
       &lt;startupnotify&gt;
         &lt;enabled&gt;true&lt;/enabled&gt;
         &lt;name&gt;amixer&lt;/name&gt;
       &lt;/startupnotify&gt;
       &lt;command&gt;amixer set Master toggle&lt;/command&gt;
     &lt;/action&gt;
   &lt;/keybind&gt;
&lt;!-- End code from &lt;http://wiki.lxde.org./en/LXDE:Questions#How_do_I_make_my_keyboard_volume_buttons_work.3F&gt; --&gt;</code></pre></blockquote>
<p>
	This is in the <a href="http://wiki.lxde.org./en/LXDE:Questions#How_do_I_make_my_keyboard_volume_buttons_work.3F"><abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> wiki</a>; surely the <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> developers know of the problem.
	Why is this code not included in the default <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> install? Anyway, this fixes the volume controls, but there&apos;s no visual indicator of the volume level.
	I suppose that that is fine, but it just goes to show how basic this desktop really is.
	In some ways, <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> is really cool, but in other ways, it feels very stripped down.
	I think that I can make <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> work for me.
	I&apos;m more capable of figuring out how to get software configured well than I used to be.
	Still, it&apos;s sad that I can&apos;t actually recommend <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> to people because it doesn&apos;t work out of the box.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that on <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>, I need to enter my <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> key&apos;s encryption password for each file that my website&apos;s build script signs instead of just entering the password once.
	I mistakingly thought that this was caused by the <a href="apt:pinentry-gnome3"><abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> version of Pinentry</a>, so I tried to purge it.
	Strangely, <a href="apt:aptitude">Aptitude</a> wanted to remove a bunch of packages that I&apos;d had a lot longer than pinentry-gnome3.
	I aborted, thought about it a bit, then re-initiated the package removal.
	I figured that I&apos;d reinstall what I needed after the purge.
	The second time though, Aptitude removed only the package that I wanted gone.
	I&apos;m not sure what&apos;s up with this inconsistency, but it can&apos;t be good.
	Once I removed that package, the <a href="apt:pinentry-curses">Curses version of Pinentry</a> once again was in use, so I saw that I had been wrong about the passwords.
	Either way, I have to enter the password for each file.
	I should see if I can find a solution for that tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I just noticed that <a href="apt:torchat">TorChat</a> was down.
	It would have been down since I switched desktops, as only Xfce knew that I wanted that application started.
	On the off chance that you sent me a message on TorChat and you&apos;re reading this, your message has been lost and you&apos;ll need to send it again.
	Apparently, making software automatically start in <abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr> is done by adding lines to a text file at <a href="file://home/yst/.config/lxsession/LXDE/autostart">~/.config/lxsession/LXDE/autostart</a>.
	The format is exeedingly simple.
	Each thing that needs to be started is specified as a command line command with the exception that each command is prefixed with the at sign (<code>@</code>).
</p>
<p>
	I read something interesting on <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Three_Sisters_%28agriculture%29">Wikipedia</a> today:
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		The three crops benefit from each other.
		The maize provides a structure for the beans to climb, eliminating the need for poles.
		The beans provide the nitrogen to the soil that the other plants use, and the squash spreads along the ground, blocking the sunlight, helping prevent establishment of weeds.
		The squash leaves also act as a &quot;living mulch&quot;, creating a microclimate to retain moisture in the soil, and the prickly hairs of the vine deter pests.
		Corn, beans, and squash contain complex carbohydrates, essential fatty acids and all 8 essential amino acids, allowing most Native American tribes to thrive on a plant-based diet.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	Not only can certain crops be planted together to help each other grow, but some Native American tribes thrived on a plant-based diet.
	Were these the only three plants that they ate? It doesn&apos;t say.
	However, in some future time when my mother isn&apos;t around to complain about the smell of my cooking, I&apos;d like to make a bean, corn, and squash stew.
	I might also throw in potatoes for good measure.
</p>
<p>
	My package from Marc With a C arrived by post today.
	The case on my new copy of <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/human-slushy">The Early Stuff CD</a> arrived pre-cracked, despite the bubble wrap envelope.
	I swear, <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> cases are way too fragile.
	The abbreviation &quot;HRG&quot; is confirmed to stand for &quot;hey rape girl&quot;, as the tracks on <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/hrg-vol-1">HRG - Vol.
	1</a> match those on the section of The Early Stuff CD labeled &quot;hey rape girl, vol.
	1&quot;.
	Additionally, the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> contains &quot;selections from one planned slip...live!&quot;, which may be related to the album &quot;Another Planned Slip, Live! (2006, remastered)&quot;.
	I also wonder if it&apos;s possible to get a full copy of &quot;one planned slip...live!&quot;.
	This <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> predictably doesn&apos;t make use of CD-Text, which is a shame.
	I copied text from the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> case again to provide the missing meta data, but the case uses stylized all-lower-case text mostly.
	There&apos;s no way to know what the preferred capitalization of these track names is, or what the preferred capitalization of the album name is for that matter, so I left them as they appear on the case: in all lower-case letters.
	Even the name &quot;marc with a c&quot; was in all lower-case letters in most places, but in one of the copyright lines, it did appear as &quot;Marc with a C&quot;, so as this wasn&apos;t stylized as all one case, I used that capitalization.
	It is a bit different than his usual capitalization though, in which he capitalizes the &quot;W&quot; in the word &quot;With&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	Marc threw in a bonus <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> with my order! He says that he <q>sometimes comes through with unexpected hookups</q>.
	The catch is that it&apos;s a proprietary album, so I can&apos;t actually listen to it yet.
	Despite being unable to listen to it, I made sure to thank him for it and not mention any issues.
	I certainly don&apos;t want to sound ungrateful or discourage such kindnesses.
	This album, <a href="https://claireandthepotatoes.bandcamp.com./album/the-i-do-in-i-doubt">The I Do In I Doubt</a> is a cover album sung by a group that Marc started and probably holds the rights to the work of.
	The group released their <a href="https://claireandthepotatoes.bandcamp.com/album/the-final-single">final single</a> under a free license, along with <a href="https://claireandthepotatoes.bandcamp.com/track/a-different-take-on-faith">one song</a> from their main album.
	If I play my cards right, I might be able to get them/him to release the remaining work under a free license.
	After all, Marc releases all of his Marc With a C work under one of the two free Creative Commons licenses and those two tracks are under free Creative Commons licenses.
	I don&apos;t think that Marc or the group is opposed to free licensing.
	My plan is first to wait it out a bit and let him forget that I have the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>.
	Later, I&apos;ll buy the one-track free album, using the option to include a note to the artist.
	The comment will mention the licensing issue and say that I&apos;d love to purchase the other albums as well if they were released under <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> or <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr>.
	If he still remembers that I have one of those albums already, he might take it as an attack that it&apos;s not meant to be.
	Then again, maybe he wouldn&apos;t and I&apos;m just paranoid because my mother takes every little thing as an attack.
	If all goes well, this <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> will be freed!
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of Marc, someone released a cover of Marc&apos;s <a href="https://ajinevolution.bandcamp.com/track/drunk-classic-rock-fans">Drunk Classic Rock Fans</a>! I don&apos;t like the way that AJ In Evolution draws out the word &quot;old&quot; near the end, but the rest of it sounds awesome! Additionally, all of this guy&apos;s work is free, so he&apos;s definitely worth keeping an eye on.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, I was feeling like there was no end in sight as far as completing the test code for <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>, but after I finished all of the function-testing code, there were only four classes (aside from the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-related classes that will be easier to write test code for when the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> scheme suite is complete) left to test.
	I decided that one of them is too simple to require regression tests and I wrote test code for the other.
	There are only two more test scripts that I need to write before the next release.
	The end is within sight!
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa, Cyrus, our mother, and I spent the beginning of the day cleaning up around the house.
	My mother ran across a bicycle seat cover, which she offered to me.
	She deliberately called it a &quot;fake&quot; sheep skin bicycle seat cover because she knew that I wouldn&apos;t accept it if I thought that it was real, but it doesn&apos;t look fake to me.
	I think that it was a lie just so that I wouldn&apos;t turn it down.
	Unsure how to react, as she&apos;d potentially have a melt down if I turned it down, I pretended that I&apos;d use it, figuring that I could place it on the bicycle whenever it wasn&apos;t in use, taking it off whenever I actually went out.
	It wasn&apos;t the best plan, but it was the best that I could come up with on short notice and would buy me time.
	However, much to my relief, it doesn&apos;t fit on my bicycle.
	My bicycle&apos;s seat is a strange shape, or at least it doesn&apos;t match the common shape that I see most.
	With that, I had an excuse not to use it that she couldn&apos;t argue against.
</p>
<p>
	After a while, we went to the beach.
	It sounded like we were headed to a play next, but it turned out that no one actually wanted to go, so we went to the sand dunes instead.
	It was a pretty pleasant day, but it was tiring, and I&apos;m happy to be headed off to bed now.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F04-April%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

