<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>My card is safe. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My card is safe.</h1>
			<p>Day 00756: Saturday, 2017 April 01</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		In the dead of night last night, instead of going to bed, I rode to my mother&apos;s place to check their car for my card.
		I hoped against hope it&apos;d fallen out of my pocket there.
		Sure enough, it had.
		I could&apos;ve waited &apos;til morning, but I didn&apos;t for two reasons.
		First, I&apos;d never get much sleep worrying about my credit card.
		But more importantly, my mother gets weird about the fact I don&apos;t use my birth name.
		I think they take it as a personal insult or something, as they&apos;re the one that assigned me that name.
		Of course, the name on my card doesn&apos;t match my birth name, so it&apos;d be best to recover it discretely.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got home late, so I didn&apos;t get as much rest as I&apos;d like to have.
		I was tired all day, but at least I knew my card was safe.
		After I got up, I drug myself to the credit union to get a cashier&apos;s cheque, then at about noon, I went to see the on-site manager and pay rent.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of the customers today saw me check the back of their card, but I didn&apos;t ask to see their <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
		They asked me if their card said anything, so I replied that it just had their name along with the name &quot;Cid&quot;.
		They said it was instructions to check their <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>, so I explained that &quot;Cid&quot; is a masculine human name, not instructions to do anything, and they quickly realised they&apos;d need to write out the word &quot;see&quot; if they wanted to be carded, not abbreviate it as &quot;C&quot;.
		I need to be a bit more obvious when I check customers&apos; cards.
		I think most &quot;Cid&quot; customers don&apos;t notice when I notice what they wrote, and so many people don&apos;t even look to see if the card holder wants to be carded.
		It&apos;s be nice to be able to reduce the number of idiotic &quot;Cid&quot; cards out there, even if just by two or three cards.
	</p>
	<p>
		A customer asked me today if working in a pizza joint has given me a distaste for pizza.
		I always find that question amusing.
		I can&apos;t eat any of our products, at least not the ones we keep ready, save for the cups of marinara.
		I can&apos;t really be tired of pizza &apos;cause I never eat it.
		It makes perfect sense to assume I&apos;d eat the food of the restaurant I work at, but that assumption simply doesn&apos;t hold true.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

