<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>I finally filed my tax return &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I finally filed my tax return</h1>
			<p>Day 00757: Sunday, 2017 April 02</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m way behind in filing my taxes this year, but I finally got around to it today.
		The first website I tried with kept telling me my session had ended as soon as I logged in and told me to close the Web browser and try again.
		Something was broken there for sure.
		The next site said they&apos;d file my state return gratis until I logged in, then wanted to charge me.
		The third website seemed to work though.
	</p>
	<p>
		They wouldn&apos;t accept an email address that begins in &quot;www.&quot; though, which is stupid.
		perfectly-valid email addresses can begin with that string.
		I got to the section on health coverage, and I hit a snag.
		The site says if I don&apos;t enter information from some form my health insurance provider was supposedly supposed to send me, but didn&apos;t.
		Then I noticed I&apos;d hit the wrong option.
		I had government-issued health coverage, but there were two options as to what kind of government-issued health coverage I had.
		Later in the process, I saw there&apos;s a credit this year for purchasing an electric car.
		The government&apos;s trying to get people to migrate away from fossil-fuel-burning vehicles.
		Nice!
		As I was finishing up my taxes, I was alerted that my state wanted my state-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number.
		That seemed like an odd request seeing as I&apos;ve never had to enter that in previous years and they&apos;re already identifying me by my Social Security number, but I suppose it doesn&apos;t hurt to provide both.
		Overall, the process was painless as it should be.
		I should remember to use <a href="https://www.freetaxusa.com/">FreeTaxUSA</a> again next year.
	</p>
	<p>
		I went to visit my mother today.
		I told them I&apos;d come tomorrow, but I guess their break ends today.
		My worries of having to spend most of the week there never came true and were potentially unfounded.
		I ended up getting nothing done over there though.
		I planned to work on the dishes, but they wanted to hang out in their bedroom watching <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr>s instead.
		They remained productive, creating visual aids to work with in their classroom, but there wasn&apos;t anything I could do in there, and we mainly just talked.
		Before I left, they cut their hand on a broken jar though, kind of deeply.
		It wasn&apos;t anything serious, but it&apos;s going to hurt in the morning.
	</p>
	<p>
		I finally submitted my change of address with the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr>.
		Thankfully, their Web form was functional, so I didn&apos;t need to find the time to go there in person.
		Honestly, I was worried their website would maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, but it doesn&apos;t.
		I think I&apos;m starting to see a pattern.
		Websites run by agencies of my national government tend to maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
		Websites run by agencies of my state government don&apos;t seem to.
	</p>
	<p>
		Work today was mostly uneventful, though there was one incident with the speaker board that came up.
		The sensor under the pavement got jammed.
		It made it impossible to tell when customers came as it sounded like there was a customer there even when the drive-though was empty.
		One of the shift leaders tried to fix the issue, but they only tried things that were unlikely to work.
		First, they had me change headsets.
		There was no reason to believe it was the headset messing up, and changing headsets confirmed it wasn&apos;t.
		Next, they fiddled with the central broadcast station.
		Again, that didn&apos;t help, just as I thought it wouldn&apos;t.
		I tried jumping on the sensor, but I didn&apos;t actually think that&apos;d do anything.
		I&apos;ve tried activating the thing before, and I&apos;m not heavy enough.
		I worried it&apos;d be messed up all night, but thankfully, after a few vehicles came through, one hit the sensor just right and unjammed it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I feel like there was something I planned to get done tomorrow, but I can&apos;t for the life of me remember what it was.
		Hopefully it wasn&apos;t that important.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

