<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Spotty-but-available Wi-Fi &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Spotty-but-available Wi-Fi</h1>
			<p>Day 00764: <time>Sunday, 2017 April 09</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I went to pay my power bill this morning, but that was a bust.
		I forgot it&apos;s Sunday, and they&apos;re closed.
		I really should learn to check the calendar before heading out.
		At least the trip provided me with a pleasant walk on a sunny (for the moment) day.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got my laundry washed, and while the machines were running, worked on my coursework.
		I had to get some software installed for school, and using my mobile&apos;s Internet connection, it was estimated to be going to take hours.
		I couldn&apos;t wait that long, I needed to get to work.
		I ended up borrowing my neighbour&apos;s Wi-Fi connection.
		I can&apos;t reach it from the laundry room, but it&apos;s reachable from my bedroom.
		Instead of hours, it took minutes to download the three packages I needed.
		This really shows how bad my Internet connection is.
		They left their Wi-Fi open though, so I can only assume they don&apos;t mind if people use it.
		I&apos;ll probably use it frequently for the next while, though from the distance my bedroom is from their place, the connection frequently falters.
	</p>
	<p>
		Lately, my laptop&apos;s been freezing up kind of frequently, but never more than once in a day.
		Today, it froze three times.
		I fear I might need a replacement soon.
		I&apos;d like to make this one last as long as I can, but the simple fact is that if it dies on me, I&apos;m going to be in big trouble.
		I need a spare in my possession before this one kicks the bucket.
		I have no Internet connection in my home.
		That means no access to an Ethernet connection.
		Installing the <abbr title="operating system">OS</abbr> without an Ethernet connection means risking putting the laptop in an unusable state, as the installer doesn&apos;t always play nicely with the Wi-Fi card, even if the system completely recognises and uses the Wi-Fi card once the installation completes.
		I won&apos;t be able to find a Debian-based laptop second-hand.
		Debian isn&apos;t popular enough for that.
		It&apos;s likely I&apos;ll need to get a new laptop online, one with Debian as the preinstalled, default operating system.
		That&apos;s not an expenditure I&apos;m comfortable taking on at the moment, but losing my only working laptop is too problematic of a possibility to ignore.
		I&apos;ll need to consider my options over the next while and figure out my plan of action.
	</p>
	<p>
		The lanyards are due to arrive tomorrow, delivered by the shipping company my father works for.
		That might get kind of awkward if my father&apos;s the one to deliver them.
		My father doesn&apos;t know I&apos;ve moved yet, at least not to the best of my knowledge.
		We&apos;ve seen one another around town, but I was running errands.
		They haven&apos;t seen me at home.
	</p>
	<p>
		At work, one customer asked for a root beer, but didn&apos;t specify of what size.
		I asked if they wanted a two-litre or twenty-ounce, and through the headset, I thought they asked what the difference was in the sizes.
		I stood there for a few seconds, flabbergasted by the question.
		I mean, seriously!?
		The twenty-ounce is, well, twenty ounces and the two-litre is two litres.
		I wasn&apos;t sure how to explain the difference, and politely, to an idiot that couldn&apos;t figure out the size difference.
		I started saying that the twenty-ounce one was small, and the two-litre one was largish, but thankfully, that&apos;s not what the customer wanted to know.
		They&apos;d asked about the difference in <strong>*prices*</strong>.
		I told them the prices, and once they got to the window, I explained about the fuzzy speaker in the menu board.
		We both had a good laugh about that and how stupid someone would have to be not to be able to tell the sizes from having just heard them.
	</p>
	<p>
		Later, a customer asked if we sell dog treats.
		Really?
		We&apos;re a restaurant!
		I mean, I guess dog treats are food, food for dogs, but restaurants don&apos;t tend to sell pet treats.
	</p>
	<p>
		Near the end of the night, while one of the shift leaders was counting down the till, I spotted a fifty-dollar bill on the floor.
		I put it on the counter, jokingly saying it&apos;d been on the floor if they cared, and it turns out they&apos;d already notice the till was short by that much, and were in the process of trying to figure out the discrepancy.
		The person running that till was of course worried about the missing money, as they&apos;d be blamed for it if it weren&apos;t found.
		Apparently, they&apos;d even mopped the area recently and didn&apos;t see it.
		Personally, I think it hadn&apos;t fallen yet, but they thought they&apos;d somehow missed it.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my final customers came through the drive-through with a tattoo that looked like a molecule.
		I figured they were a science enthusiast, and I asked them about it.
		It turns out they weren&apos;t a science enthusiast at all, and their tattoo was disappointingly ungeeky.
		It was a molecule alright, but it was the main component in magic mushrooms.
		I guess that&apos;s okay, but it wouldn&apos;t been a lot cooler if it were less drug-related.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

