<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Minetest teleporters &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Minetest teleporters</h1>
			<p>Day 00768: Thursday, 2017 April 13</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Instead of getting right to work on coursework, I programmed a structure into the Minetest map generator that allows a player to teleport to any of twenty-six nearly-identical structures scattered throughout the Minetest world.
		The structure is fully functional, but there are a few details that need to be worked on.
		For example, I need to remove the special teleportation node from the creative mode inventory, make it immune to explosions, and prevent it from being placed by players if they do somehow get ahold of one.
		Basically, I just need to make it more professional in its implementation by adding tiny features.
		Other than that, the mod to add these structures id done!
		Nine of the structures are on the surface of the Minetest world, or very near to it.
		Nine are high in the sky, where nothing interesting can be found.
		Those ones are better once you collect building materials.
		At that point, you can use them to seed a sky city, space station, or the like!
		The remaining nine are deep underground.
		Subterranean cities and mines may benefit from this.
		I&apos;m considering adding a feature to turn these teleporters into a sort of checkpoint though.
		Instead of being able to teleport anywhere you like, maybe you have to actually reach the other teleportation structure before you can teleport there.
		Once one person makes it that far, all players would be able to warp to that checkpoint from any of the other checkpoints.
	</p>
	<p>
		I headed out to pick up rice milk because I ran out yesterday and a funnel set because it would&apos;ve been useful last night.
		After filling my backpack with rice milk at the grocery store, I headed to the Dollar Tree for the funnels.
		To my surprise, they had lime juice back in stock!
		Sadly, with my backpack full of rice milk, I could only carry two bottles that could squeeze in where the rice milk boxes were too big to fit.
		I considered coming back for more, but I need to avoid wearing myself out again.
		One trip per week is a good number.
		Lemon juice is always in stock at the Dollar Tree, and makes a decent substitute.
		Lime juice is only a preference.
	</p>
	<p>
		When I got back home, I noticed new mail in my email client on my Google Voice account.
		Did ... Google let me back in after all?
		I tried logging in via the Web interface, and sure enough, my account is back in action.
		Can Google even make up their minds?
		It&apos;d be easier to have the account actually revoked than deal with all this back and forth nonsense.
		Well, I guess that means I still have a number at which my mother can reach me.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The reading assignment for the week is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://sourcebooks.fordham.edu./halsall/ancient/eb11-sparta.asp">Internet History Sourcebooks</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://www.bbc.co.uk./history/ancient/greeks/greekdemocracy_01.shtml">BBC - History - Ancient History in depth: The Democratic Experiment</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve gotten started on my <a href="/en/coursework/HIST1421/Forms_of_government_in_ancient_Greece.xhtml">essay</a> and <a href="/en/coursework/HIST1421/#Unit2">learning journal</a> assignment, and have begun thinking about the discussion assignment.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

