<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>My level of detail is not appreciated. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My level of detail is not appreciated.</h1>
			<p>Day 00772: <time>Monday, 2017 April 17</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		With my professor having told me not to include so much detail in my work, I really wasn&apos;t feeling like doing coursework today.
		Of course, I&apos;ll probably regret this tomorrow, but I instead worked on Minetest mods.
		The main code I worked on added a couple tabs to the Minetest player menu and records stuff about player activities.
		One tab records the number of each of nine types of nodes a player might destroy.
		These are node that the map generator places, but that when the player mines, drops other nodes instead.
		This means these stats have a cap, as the player can&apos;t simply place the node back into the world and mine it again.
		The exception to this is gravel, which only sometimes drops an alternative item, flint.
		I have my code set up to only bump the gravel stat up when flint is dropped, again, ensuring ahat even with the best of luck, there&apos;s a cap.
		A second tab lists quests for the player to go on.
		There&apos;s only two quests so far, and neither is actually programmed beyond the single line description on the quest tab.
		I&apos;ll work on that later.
		I&apos;d like to add more quests, but I can&apos;t think of any more sufficiently difficult tasks for the players at the moment.
		The first quest is to reach a specific map block, with a different one chosen for each player.
		These map blocks will usually be very distant, as any map block in the game world is equally likely to be the one.
		Once the player makes it there, the plan is to reward them by allowing them to warp back there any time they like.
		It&apos;s like a secondary <code>/home</code> personal warp point, except that they can&apos;t move it.
		Because these blocks are player-specific, one player can&apos;t monopolise the area and keep everyone out or charge admission.
		Additionally, one or more players can&apos;t set up an easy route to get there for everyone, such as a powered railway that leads directly from the spawn area to there.
		The second quest is to locate and mine a PB&amp;J Pup.
		This one can actually be done with help, but not without risk to the helper.
		If someone finds a pup, they can loan it to someone to help them achieve the goal, but there&apos;s no guarantee they&apos;ll give it back.
		The reward for completing this quest is the found PB&amp;J Pup, so if someone does borrow one and return it, they&apos;ve cheated themself out of their reward.
		These quests are both listed from the beginning and do not need to be completed in any particular order.
	</p>
	<p>
		There&apos;s a problem with these tabs when trying to select them outside of creative mode, but I&apos;ve tracked that bug down to the <code>sfinv</code> mod.
		I was going to try to debug and submit a pull request, but I thought it best to try the unstable version of the mod first.
		Sure enough, the bug&apos;s already been fixed.
		All I have to do is wait for the release to release my own mods, or risk having complaints that I&apos;ll answer with explanations of the bug being in Minetest Game but already fixed in the upcoming release.
	</p>
	<p>
		I also built a mod that calculates the boundaries of the world based on <code>chunksize</code> and <code>map_generation_limit</code>.
		Until today, my mods were hard-coded to assume all generatable blocks were accessible.
		This only holds true if no <code>map_generation_limit</code> is set and <code>chunksize</code> is set to either <code>1</code> or <code>3</code>.
		For reference, the default <code>chunksize</code> is <code>5</code>, so this assumption will usually hold false.
		The quest mod, which has elements of some code I was working on days ago for finding the player-specific quest block, now no longer has to make this assumption.
		If the administrator installs this secondary mod, <code>libmapbounds</code>, <code>minequest</code> will use the values it calculates.
		Otherwise, it&apos;ll fall back to assuming all blocks are available.
		At some point, I&apos;ll fix <code>multiwarp</code>, the mod with the twenty-seven teleporters, to do the same.
	</p>
	<p>
		Speaking of <code>multiwarp</code>, I&apos;ve decided to rework it a bit.
		I was going to scrap the whole thing as it seemed useless, but I&apos;ve found purpose of the bulk majority of what it is.
		Instead of teleporting players between warp structures, it&apos;ll allow players that have visited a structure to warp back to it at any time.
		If any of these structures are found, they&apos;re likely to become city hubs.
		Maybe.
		Their placement is a bit ... inconvenient in most cases, with them showing up high in the sky or deep in the earth in most cases.
		This might not be conductive to city-building.
		I&apos;ll move the warp menu from the warp structures to a tab in the player menu, a tab that only appears once the player&apos;s found a warp structure.
		Even then, only the buttons showing warp structures they&apos;ve personally visited will show up.
		Once one is found though, that page&apos;ll hint that many other warp points are available.
	</p>
	<p>
		At work, a customer ordered a pepperoni pizza, then before I gave it to them, asked &quot;Is that a pepperoni, or just cheese? I need some greasy meat.&quot;.
		First, they ordered a pepperoni.
		Why would I bring them a cheese?
		Second, ew.
		Even before I went vegan, high grease content wasn&apos;t a quality I sought in meat.
	</p>
	<p>
		Another customer asked if we have chicken nuggets.
		We don&apos;t, and I could&apos;ve left it at that, but instead, I did my job and told them we have chicken wings.
		&quot;Do your wings have bones in them?&quot;
		I said they did, and I thought that&apos;d end their desire for them.
		Not so much.
		&quot;Good, &apos;cause I really like the bones.&quot;
		What?
		Why would they like bones?
		Also, if they <strong>*do*</strong> like bones, why did they first try to order chicken in boneless nugget form?
		They continued asked about how many wings were in each order, then continued.
		&quot;I&apos;m kind of a big girl.
		How many wings do you have in your warmer?&quot;
		I went and checked, letting them know we had three orders of them.
		Saying nothing, they left the menu board without ordering, and frustrated, I went to meet them at the window.
		But they weren&apos;t there.
		They&apos;d completely driven away (which admittedly, is much less frustrating than dealing with customers that drive up to the window prematurely because they can&apos;t figure out how to complete their order at the menu board before pulling up).
		Were they just pranking me?
		It would explain their strange statements, at least.
	</p>
	<p>
		Another customer skipped the menu board, and because of the line behind them, they were found right away.
		It turns out they lost their voice though, and had deliberately skipped the menu board not out of idiocy, but because they couldn&apos;t speak loudly enough to be heard through it.
		It was a good reminder that not everyone that skips the menu board is a complete moron.
		Some people have legitimate reasons to do so.
		I wonder if other fast food joints would&apos;ve allowed this though.
	</p>
	<p>
		One customer came through with a credit card in which an entire corner&apos;d been broken off.
		On one side of the magnetic stripe, about half the stripe had been on the missing corner.
		I ran the card, but I expected to have to tell the customer it was too damaged to function.
		Much to my surprise, and to the customer&apos;s surprise, the card worked normally.
		So ... they handed me a card they thought wouldn&apos;t work?
		I hope they at least brought cash as a backup plan for the likely card failure.
	</p>
	<p>
		One customer came through and handed me a pile of change.
		However, they didn&apos;t put it in my palm, but instead dropped it half on my hand and half into the air beside my hand.
		I was able to catch most of it, but three quarters escaped.
		They didn&apos;t want to get out to get it, so they just gave me three other quarters.
		This time, they tried to hand them to my wrist!
		They claimed I must&apos;ve dropped the first quarters because I wasn&apos;t ready for a handful of change, so it wasn&apos;t my fault.
		However, I think they were having issues with deteriorated motor control.
		That&apos;s kind of scary.
		Should they really be driving a motor vehicle?
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my shift leaders found me on my break picking up those quarters and asked what I was doing.
		I explained about the customer, and they thought the customer was a lazy scumbag for not getting out and picking up the coins, instead making me do it on my break.
		I explained they&apos;d paid me other quarters, so I didn&apos;t have to come out here to retrieve them, so they said that was at least less bad, but still lazy.
		Still, that gave me three quarters more than I had yesterday.
		I don&apos;t mind, I&apos;ll just add that to my laundry fund.
	</p>
	<p>
		The <abbr title="digital subscriber line">DSL</abbr> provider wrote to me by post.
		Apparently, they sent it on the fourth, the day after I&apos;d <a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/03.xhtml#general">talked to their representatives</a>, but y&apos;know, post is slower than basic email.
		The letter explained why the <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> needed a deposit from me.
		The one representative claimed I wouldn&apos;t need a deposit, but the website said I would.
		I never could get them to explain the discrepancy, but now with this letter, I might have a better chance of getting information about the deposit out of them.
		I&apos;ll even send them a photo pf the letter if I need to, and keep pressing for information about whether I get the deposit back if I cancel before the year ends.
		Not tonight, but I should contact them about this soon.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span> professor got back to me about my <a href="https://y.st./en/coursework/CS1102/#Unit1">learning journal entry</a> from last week.
		They had this to say:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			Thanks, but you don’t need to explain all with so much details.
		</p>
		<p>
			You can just briefly mention all you learned and experienced.
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<p>
		There&apos;s a chance that they&apos;re trying to be helpful and make it so I don&apos;t have to write as much.
		However, what it feels like is that they just don&apos;t want to <strong>*read*</strong> that much.
		That&apos;s understandable, but still frustrating on my end.
		I want all that archived as part of my coursework!
		It&apos;s also more difficult to be brief, so if the professor actually is trying to do this to let me out of some effort, it&apos;s actually backfiring.
		Oh well, I&apos;ll try to keep my learning journal submissions shorter in this course.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

