<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Flint bonus &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Flint bonus</h1>
			<p>Day 00776: Friday, 2017 April 21</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Google locked me out of my account again.
		They let me back in once, but then locked me out a second time and wouldn&apos;t let me back in again.
		Once more, I&apos;ll probably go back to not using Google Voice.
		My mother doesn&apos;t even seem to contact me with it lately anyway, they just use email to reach me.
		I didn&apos;t instigate that either, so I&apos;m not sure what&apos;s changed in their mind.
	</p>
	<p>
		On my way to work, I stopped at Fred Meyer to get corn or beans.
		I wasn&apos;t sure which to stock up on first.
		Corn was on sale though for $0.49 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per can.
		Corn it is then!
		I might pick up more corn tomorrow too, and wait until the corn&apos;s no longer on sale to get beans.
		Once I have the beans, I might aim for squash next.
		I&apos;m told a tribe of Native Americans used to eat nothing but corn, beans, and squash.
		Supposedly, they did very well nutritionally.
		I don&apos;t plan to limit myself to those three foods, but they should be an easy way to keep my diet somewhat balanced until I make time to actually look into nutritional guides.
	</p>
	<p>
		Last time I got beans, they were those dehydrated beans.
		Bad idea.
		They don&apos;t rehydrate well by simply boiling them in soup.
		I think I might need one of those slow cookers to cook them correctly, but I never want to wait hours for my food to be finished.
		I need frozen or canned beans, those&apos;ll work better for my lifestyle.
	</p>
	<p>
		After buying a backpack full of corn, I headed to work to drop off my bike and pick up my paycheck, then took my paycheck and Oregon tax refund check to the credit union to deposit them and pick up a cashier&apos;s cheque to pay my rent with.
		I don&apos;t expect my federal tax refund to come for a while, I took too long to get my taxes filed.
		They&apos;re backed up right now from all of us that put it off too long.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m fairly certain I saw the self-declares Italian that <a href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/14.xhtml">says people that don&apos;t eat meat are stupid</a> in our lobby at work today.
		That brought back amusing memories.
	</p>
	<p>
		Also at work, I finally figured out the perfect bonus for the flint item in <code>minequest</code>, a bonus completely nonvital, yet one that would be helpful to most players participating in the system.
		Having a flint item in the flint slot will upgrade the stats menu.
		It&apos;ll swap the number of items harvested with the number needed for the next level up, as well as what the current level is.
		There&apos;ll be no real need to level up the flint slot for this, and levelling will for the most part do nothing.
		At two different levels, there&apos;ll be small upgrades, but those upgrades will go unnoticed by anyone doing serious levelling.
		The (non-upgraded) stats menu won&apos;t show minerals that the player has never found.
		(That was already planned before this bonus.)
		The upgraded version also won&apos;t, unless you get your flint stat up to level six.
		At that point, the upgraded menu will hint that you haven&apos;t unlocked everything yet by showing unknown nodes and unknown items in place of the missing nodes/items.
		At level eleven, the upgraded menu will outright show you which minerals you haven&apos;t found.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my coworkers told me my B vitamin drinks cause cancer.
		I didn&apos;t believe it, but I had to know for sure.
		I did some research online after work, and it looks like they do contain known carcinogens.
		Joy.
		I should probably find a different way to make sure i intake enough B vitamins.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

