<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>minequest debug mode &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><code>minequest</code> debug mode</h1>
			<p>Day 00777: Saturday, 2017 April 22</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I came up with a great idea for a <code>minequest</code> bonus, but it didn&apos;t work out.
		Basically, it&apos;d be an anti-<code>bones</code> bonus.
		When you die while equipped with this bonus, you don&apos;t lose your stuff.
		It looks like <code>bones</code> doesn&apos;t have any <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr> hooks I can latch into though, so I can&apos;t bypass it on a per-player basis.
		Oh well, I&apos;ll come up with something else.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve programmed the beginnings of a debug mode for <code>minequest</code>.
		It&apos;ll allow me to test the bonuses I program without having to write code that manipulates my point values, without editing my point file, and without spending hours mining just to raise my point levels to where I need them to be for testing.
		I also won&apos;t have to start over countless times when I need to test the abilities at a lower level than I&apos;ve got them at and I won&apos;t have to reload the world between tests.
		I&apos;ll probably leave the debug mode in my code when I release, but disable it by default with a simple configuration flag.
		Even enabled though, you have to collect a bunch of random-ass shit to access debug mode, and what you have to gather is player-specific and subgame specific.
		Not many would stumble into debug mode on accident, even if it were enabled.
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems cans of mixed vegetables are also on sale right now, so I grabbed a backpack full of those today instead of the corn I&apos;d planned to get.
	</p>
	<p>
		A couple Christian missionaries stopped by my home today.
		I wasn&apos;t really sure what to make of them, as they had pretty much no argument.
		They said to pray and wait for a feeling to know their god is real.
		Um ... yeah ... a feeling ...
		Anyway, they asked me to join them in prayer on the porch, so I did, but they soon left after that without having gotten anywhere, but seemingly having thought they had.
		I expect they&apos;ll be back to check up on whether I believe yet.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The reading assignment in <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span> this week is the following two pages:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://www.thoughtco.com./the-peloponnesian-war-causes-120200">The Peloponnesian War - Causes of the Conflict</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://flowofhistory.com./units/birth/3/FC20">FC20: The Rise of Sparta to 500 BCE - The Flow of History</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		I&apos;ll read them late tonight and early tomorrow morning as I wash and dry my laundry through midnight.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

