<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>Trying for a quicker legal name change &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Trying for a quicker legal name change</h1>
			<p>Day 00780: <time>Tuesday, 2017 April 25</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;d really rather not renew my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> under my birth name, so I spent the morning looking into what it will take to get my <a href="http://www.courts.oregon.gov/Lane/CivilandLandlord/pages/namechange.aspx">name changed</a>.
		As it turns out, the website provides a download of one of several forms needed, but asks that other forms be purchased from a store that sells legal documents.
		What in Squiddy&apos;s name!?
		Anyway, I don&apos;t seem to be able to fine the forms online without a fee.
		I&apos;ve looked around, but I can only find expensive paid downloads, and I can&apos;t seem to locate online an in-person store that has them.
		If I end up having to buy digital copies of these forms, I&apos;ll likely publish the forms on this website if there&apos;s no copyright issues involved.
		I can just imagine the reason these forms aren&apos;t available directly from the government is that there&apos;s no official version of them and the place you buy them from makes them themself.
		I don&apos;t have a printer either, so if I buy online, I&apos;ll need to make a trip to the local public library and pay their printing fee.
	</p>
	<p>
		I need to drop Minetest work for now and focus on my studdies more.
		I&apos;ve been making good time this week and had time to spare, but that time needed to be put toward my name change.
		I need to spend my days off from work running the necessary errands to make this happen quickly.
		One of those errands will be to bike to Eugene and file forms with the courthouse.
		Trips for more groceries will have to wait too, despite their being on sale right now, unless I&apos;m picking up something I legitimately don&apos;t have.
		Carrying loads of two-dozen cans each wears me out so I don&apos;t want to work when I get home, not to mention the time the trips themselves cost.
	</p>
	<p>
		Tomorrow and the next day will be my days off from work, but I likely won&apos;t be ready to head to Eugene by the end of that time.
		First, I need to take care of a couple things under my birth name.
		I have a bond that needs redemption and I need to get my old school to reissue the refund check the sent me.
		I feel it&apos;s doubtful the school will reissue it in time, as last time I tried to get them to reissue it, they wanted to be as difficult as possible.
		After all, they want any excuse they can get to keep my money.
		Once I legally change my name though, it&apos;ll be too late unless I want to tell my old school my new name.
		They can probably find it out anyway if they bother to try, it won&apos;t be a secret, but I want to be rid of them as much as possible.
		I tried writing them today to get the conversation rolling again:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			Hello <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> staff,
		</p>
		<p>
			A while back, I attended <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>, but you overcharged me by two hundred fifty dollars.
			You sent me a refund check, but I didn&apos;t notice it in time, so it expired.
		</p>
		<p>
			I wrote to you before to get it reissued, but you weren&apos;t able to help me at the time for some reason and I didn&apos;t have the time to try again until now.
			Can I please get you to check your records, verify that the check was never deposited (so <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> still has my money), and reissue the check?
			If need be, I can send you a scan/photograph of the original check, or even mail it back to you.
			Just let me know what you want me to do.
		</p>
		<p>
			Thank you,<br/>
			~ <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<p>
		On a whim, I used my University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> email address to write to them.
		At first I thought I wanted to rub in their faces that I&apos;m at another school now, but that&apos;s not it.
		I also thought I wanted to keep them away from my domain, but last time I wrote to them, I used one of my domain&apos;s email addresses, so they already know where I am online.
		I think underneath it all, I wanted to look more legitimate.
		A school email address kind of takes away from who I am, making me blend in with the school like a school uniform, but it helps me not get mistaken as some random scammer.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

