<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>A gratis couch &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A gratis couch</h1>
			<p>Day 00782: Thursday, 2017 April 27</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Today was going to be a day of errands and coursework.
		The coursework part didn&apos;t happen though.
		Instead, I received an email from my boss asking me to come in on my day off.
		It seems one of my coworkers badly burnt their arm and couldn&apos;t work.
		That must really suck for them; obviously the burn&apos;s bad enough to keep them from working, but still, hopefully the burn&apos;s not too bad.
		I&apos;m told they&apos;ll be back to work in a few days though.
	</p>
	<p>
		At work, I decided on a couple changes to my plans for <code>minequest</code>.
		First and foremost, I want to temporarily give up on providing unique bonuses for every item in an effort to simply get the first version released.
		The iron slot has the most options, so I&apos;ll provide a different bonus for each iron item.
		Bonuses given my other mineral items will just be duplicates of the iron bonuses to start with.
		Some bonuses will be reused once, while others will be reused twice.
		In later versions, when I&apos;ve had time to generate more ideas, I can add more variety.
		The second change is that I want to separate the stat-handling code from the bonus-handling code and put it in a different mod.
		I feel like the stats can be used for more than just the bonuses, and requiring the bonuses be installed to use the stats seems like a bad idea.
		I&apos;m considering adding a mod that enables the creation of clans of some sort.
		The main purpose of these clans would be to share things that are more difficult to share normally.
		For example, my block protection nodes each belong to an individual, but if they instead belonged to a clan, anyone in the clan could make use of the space.
		I don&apos;t want clans springing up like weeds though.
		I want players to have to meet certain requirements before they&apos;re allowed to create a single clan.
		New players may prove themselves by meeting the requirements or they may join an existing clan that lets them in.
		The stat system could play a part in qualifying for clan creation.
		A more far-fetched idea would be to make players first complete all the quests of <code>minequest</code> first, but that means clan creation would only be available to those that find PB&amp;J Pups.
		That seems a bit too steep of a requirement.
	</p>
	<p>
		On the way home, I found a couch that someone put by the street to get rid of.
		It had a sign on it saying people could take it and had the time and date the couch was put out, ostensibly so people wouldn&apos;t avoid taking it on the grounds that it might&apos;ve been outside for days.
		If the sign was correct, it was put outside less than an our before I got off work.
		I&apos;m in luck!
		It was only a few blocks away from home, but it was still a pain to haul back with me.
		And then there&apos;s the question of what it&apos;s made of.
		The tag on the thing&apos;s ripped and I&apos;ve always been bad at telling synthetic materials apart from natural materials.
		If it turns out that this thing&apos;s made of actual leather, I&apos;ll probably get rid of it.
		Ew.
		And all that effort in hauling it on foot will not only be wasted, but I&apos;ll also need to find a way to haul it away.
		I need to watch for a used dolly to haul this sort of thing with in the future.
	</p>
	<p>
		When my mobile was freaking out a while back, I tried reinstalling the operating system.
		Several times.
		I tried to back up all the important stuff on the device first, but I forgot I needed my notes file.
		When I met my neighbours, I jotted their names down in that file, so when it was lost, I lost their names.
		Embarrassing.
		For a while, I planned to admit I forgot and ask them their names again.
		After all, it&apos;s understandable that I&apos;d need to hear the names multiple times before I&apos;d remember, right?
		At this point though, it seems like the reasonable window for asking is passed.
		Today, one of my neighbours dropped the name of one of my other neighbours.
		Sweet!
		That&apos;s one out of four lost names regained.
		Hopefully I relearn the other names in a similar manner, though if not, I&apos;m going to have to reask at some point.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

