<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m using the new mattresses tonight. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m using the new mattresses tonight.</h1>
			<p>Day 00784: <time>Saturday, 2017 April 29</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		It&apos;s about a week after when I was planning to pay rent this month, but I finally paid it.
		I&apos;m still early, it won&apos;t be due for another six days, but I try to get my payment in early so I don&apos;t forget.
		While I was at the on-site manager&apos;s place, I finally asked about when the best hours to drop off my payment are.
		They work out of their living space, so when tenants pay rent, they&apos;re disturbing the manager at home.
		I&apos;ve been trying to come by at times I though the manager least likely to be asleep (after noon, but still early in the day), but that might not be the best time to drop by.
		As it turns out, it&apos;s not.
		On Saturday, 10:00 to 14:00 is best.
		However, on Monday through Friday, 14:00 to 18:00 is best.
		This journal entry will serve as a reminder in case I misplace the card with the hours written on it.
	</p>
	<p>
		The <abbr title="digital subscriber line">DSL</abbr> provider sent me two more letters explaining why they need a deposit from me if I want service, again citing my opting out of getting a credit check performed as the reason.
		Um.
		Okay.
		Why do they need to send me three letters about that, two on the same day?
		Whatever though.
		I&apos;ll bring the letters up when I get around to contacting the <abbr title="digital subscriber line">DSL</abbr> provider next time.
		I also plan to, if they claim I don&apos;t need a deposit at all, ask if they ran a credit check on me just then.
		I&apos;ll start out with a curious tone, like &quot;Did you by any chance just run a credit check?&quot;.
		Then when they admit it (<strong>*if*</strong> they admit it), I&apos;ll switch to a more accusative tone, like &quot;So you&apos;re saying you ran a credit check on me without my knowledge and without my consent?&quot;.
		I&apos;ll see where that goes, then explain I&apos;m looking for service without the credit check, and again ask them about whether I get the deposit back if I cancel my service before the first year ends.
	</p>
	<p>
		I picked up a fitted sheet at Saint Vincent&apos;s before clocking in today.
		Using a tape measure, I measured my new mattress and tried to find what mattress size it is (full, queen, king, et cetera), but that wasn&apos;t as helpful as it could&apos;ve been.
		The mattress dimensions seem to be between that of a full and a queen.
		I figured I&apos;d pick up a full-sized sheet, and if it didn&apos;t fit, I&apos;d return it and try a queen-sized sheet.
		The full fit the mattress though, so I can try it out tonight!
		I also picked up another paper shredder and a fan to put under my laptop.
		The laptop&apos;s not been doing too well, so I&apos;m hoping with extra heat dispersal, I can postpone its demise.
		I&apos;ll need to rummage through my cords to find the right one to power the fan though, and the room with my computer parts (including cords) has no lighting.
		I might look for the cord tomorrow when I have daylight.
		I should most definitely try out the shredder tomorrow before I head into work.
		If it&apos;s like the last one and doesn&apos;t function, I should know before work so I can return it while I&apos;m in the area.
	</p>
	<p>
		I didn&apos;t find a bike pump as Saint Vincent&apos;s, but my neighbour below me lent me theirs!
		It doesn&apos;t have a gauge, strangely enough, so I don&apos;t know what pressure I pumped my tires to.
		However, instead of the clamp-on doohickey on the end of the hose I&apos;m used to, it has a screw-on piece.
		Nice and secure!
		When I find my own bike pump, I hope to find one with both a gauge and a screw-on piece.
		My neighbour also kindly gave me some sheets!
		They have a parent that works at a nursing home and has been giving them extra, used sheets from work.
		I&apos;m unclear as to why, though I suspect the nursing home wants them gone for some reason.
		In any case, I now have two large flat sheets and one fitted queen sheet.
		The queen sheet seems to fit about as well as the full sheet, so maybe this mattress was built to take both sizes.
		Then again, maybe with long-term use, I&apos;ll find the queen-sized sheet is a bit too loose.
		Only time will tell.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My reading assignment for <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span> is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey06.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 6</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey07.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 7</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey08.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 8</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey09.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 9</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey10.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 10</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey11.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 11</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey12.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 12</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey13.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 13</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		My plan for the day was to complete all the readings and write up my initial discussion post, my <a href="/en/coursework/HIST1421/Inequalities_in_Rome.xhtml">essay</a>, and my <a href="/en/coursework/HIST1421/#Unit4">learning journal entry</a> for the week.
		I didn&apos;t end up completing the readings today, but I did make great progress on the essay.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

