<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Black mould scare &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/04-April/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Black mould scare</h1>
			<p>Day 00785: <time>Sunday, 2017 April 30</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		The mattress is very squishy.
		I sink into it, and I&apos;m not sure I like that.
		However ... I did wake up without my arm being asleep for the first time in a week or few.
		It might be thanks to this mattress.
		If so, that alone would make the mattress work continued use over resumed use of my old mattress.
	</p>
	<p>
		The new shredder I bought at Saint Vincent&apos;s yesterday works pretty well!
		I mean, I overheated the thing, but normally, I won&apos;t have a huge stash of documents to shred all at once, so this shouldn&apos;t be a frequent problem.
		Additionally, I think it&apos;s supposed to be a more secure than normal shredder.
		It doesn&apos;t create strips as long as the document it shredded.
		Instead, it breaks the strip up more with it&apos;s patterned blades.
		It almost <strong>*grinds*</strong> the paper up.
		Identity thieves and recycling diggers won&apos;t have much to look at.
		Score!
	</p>
	<p>
		I happened to look at the window sill in my bedroom today and found it covered in mould.
		It&apos;s kind of blackish too, so I was scared.
		What if it&apos;s black mould?
		That stuff&apos;s dangerous!
		I did some research online to try to identify it though, and it turns out there&apos;s no such thing as &quot;black mould&quot;.
		It&apos;s mostly just some media hype based on a <abbr title="Centres for Disease Control and Prevention">CDC</abbr> theory that the <abbr title="Centres for Disease Control and Prevention">CDC</abbr> itself quickly disproved.
		Moulds come in many colours, black-coloured moulds aren&apos;t any more dangerous than moulds of other colours, and no single species or group of moulds is called &quot;black mould&quot;.
		<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Stachybotrys_chartarum">Stachybotrys chartarum</a> is often incorrectly referred to as black mould or toxic black mould, but this mould isn&apos;t even always dangerous.
		Additionally, moulds of any colour can release harmful toxins.
		I need to clean up the mould when I have time, after I get some supplies to better protect myself (such as a face mask) in case this is a harmful one, but there&apos;s no definite threat here.
		Mould is just mould.
		I should probably try to get ahold of my coworker that knows of an effective anti-mould spray first too.
		I&apos;ve got beach and dishtowels, so removing the mould shouldn&apos;t be difficult.
		Once it&apos;s gone though, I want it to stay gone as long as possible.
	</p>
	<p>
		This is the second week in a row in which as soon as the head manager has the day off, a certain shift leader has stationed me at the front register instead of the drive-through.
		Perhaps it&apos;s very, very premature, but I get the feeling this will be a regular thing.
		I&apos;ll admit that at first, I was a bit put off by it today.
		However, the idea of doing this every week is growing on me.
		I guess I kind of like working the back register more than the front one, but that&apos;s only the working of the register itself.
		As for the jobs that go <strong>*with*</strong> working the registers, the front register is by far the better gig.
		It&apos;s a pretty laid-back set of tasks.
		They take time, but they&apos;re easily accomplishable in the allotted amount of time.
		As for working the back till ... the tasks assigned to go with that can be stressful.
		Depending on how busy we&apos;ve been on a given day, it can be difficult or impossible to complete everything on time.
		Sure, the shift leaders are understanding and know which days they can&apos;t honestly expect me to finish on time, but it&apos;s still feels like a defeat when I can&apos;t do it.
		On the front register though, that&apos;s never an issue.
	</p>
	<p>
		One customer came in asking for our &quot;number eight&quot;.
		A #8?
		Our menu items aren&apos;t numbered.
		It seems they wanted one of our pizzas that was eight dollars though, and saw the large eight near it.
		I&apos;m still baffled as to why they thought it was a number eight though.
		First, it wasn&apos;t just an eight, but an eight followed by two slightly-smaller zeroes.
		If anything, it&apos;s look like a number eight <strong>*hundred*</strong>.
		Second, there was another pizza on the menu listed right above it that was <strong>*also*</strong> eight dollars.
		And that doesn&apos;t even take into account the other eight-dollar pizzas on other sections of the menu.
		So ... do we have two to several number eights?
		That would just be confusing.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve finished further readings in <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span> and have made great progress in my discussion post draft.
		I&apos;m really felling like I&apos;m behind now though, and that&apos;s no doubt because I didn&apos;t work on coursework like I should&apos;ve on the first tow days of the week.
		In my defence, I was planning on completing the readings on the first day.
		I didn&apos;t work on it right away though, as it was my day off and I&apos;d have time later.
		But then I was summoned to work by my boss ...
		Still, I should&apos;ve gotten to work right away that day.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F04-April%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

