<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/opinion/free_culture.xhtml"/>
		<title>Free culture &lt;https://y.st./en/opinion/free_culture.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/free_culture.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/opinion/XML.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr></a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/code_indentation.xhtml">Code indentation</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/free_culture.xhtml">Free culture</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/free_software.xhtml">Free software</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/holidays.xhtml">Holidays</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/misuse_of_words.xhtml">Misuse of words</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Free culture</h1>
			<p>Just as important as free software</p>
		</header>
<p>Some people, such as the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr>, feel that cultural works and other nonfunctional works don&apos;t require the same freedoms as software. However, could that really be true?</p>
<h2>Freedom of thought, of speech, of expression</h2>
<p>Culture isn&apos;t created in a vacuum. Rather, culture builds off of the culture that came before. Everything is derivative; nothing is truly original. However, people think that it&apos;s somehow alright to hoard &quot;their&quot; ideas, not allowing anyone else to use them for other purposes. This is what copyright is all about. The media that we experience shapes our ideas though. Sometimes it shows us new ways of thinking, while other times, it sets our imaginations wild. However, when we&apos;re restricted from reusing and reshaping the works that we experience, we&apos;re essentially being censored. We&apos;re not allowed to express our ideas, ideas based on what we&apos;ve see, we&apos;ve heard, we&apos;ve touched. Is that really fair? It certainly isn&apos;t freedom, and in my opinion, isn&apos;t acceptable.</p>
<h2>Source code</h2>
<p>The one difference between free software and free culture is the source code requirement. That is to say, it&apos;s arguable that providing the source material of nonsoftware isn&apos;t a hard requirement. It&apos;s <strong>*nice*</strong> if you provide the source material and it can be <strong>*useful*</strong> to have access to it, but it&apos;s not strictly necessary to provide it, unlike with software.</p>
<h2>Fear of misrepresentation</h2>
<p>The <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> cites fear of misrepresentation as the reason that they use proprietary licenses for their opinionative works. Is this really justified though? And more to the point, is it even really necessary? One could misrepresent someone by modifying their software and re-releasing it as well, so that&apos;s not a difference between cultural works and software. Additionally, some free software licenses forbid the misrepresentation of their original authors and forbid the passing off of your modified version as the original. Those <strong>*same requirements*</strong> can be implemented in free cultural licenses, and in some cases already are. There is absolutely <strong>*no excuse*</strong> for claiming that opinionative words should be under licenses that disallow modification out of fear of misrepresentation.</p>
<h2>Forced speech is not free speech</h2>
<p>The <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> also uses a particular nonfree license, the <abbr title="GNU &quot;Free&quot; Documentation License">GFDL</abbr>, to cram their opinions down the throats of others. They pack their propaganda into their manuals, saying that people either have to leave the propaganda intact, they have to rewrite the entire manual, or they have to work without a manual at all. Forced speech isn&apos;t free speech; it is an outright lie when the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> calls this license a free documentation license.</p>
<h2>Freedom is freedom</h2>
<p>If you are a supporter of free software because of the freedom that it provides, you&apos;re  outright inconsistent if you don&apos;t also support free culture. Why should you support freedom when it comes to <strong>*some*</strong> creative works (software), but not others (art)? The only way that it would make sense is if you&apos;re actually supporting free software strictly for the non-freedom-related practical benefits. For example, perhaps you support free software because of the privacy issues that surround proprietary software. However, the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> claims not to be doing this. They claim to be fighting for freedom in software for the sake of freedom itself, yet they disregard freedom in media, even going as far as to trample on media freedom by releasing their works under nonfree licenses. It is for this reason that I urge you not to support the Free Software Foundation, neither with your words nor with your donations. Your support would be much better placed in someone that can be more consistent, and therefore, more understandable and more trustworthy. The Electronic Frontier Foundation, for example, would be a much better group to support.</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fopinion%2Ffree_culture.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fopinion%2Ffree_culture.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

