<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016-2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/opinion/misuse_of_words.xhtml"/>
		<title>Misuse of words &lt;https://y.st./en/opinion/misuse_of_words.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/misuse_of_words.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/opinion/XML.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr></a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/code_indentation.xhtml">Code indentation</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/free_culture.xhtml">Free culture</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/free_software.xhtml">Free software</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/holidays.xhtml">Holidays</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/misuse_of_words.xhtml">Misuse of words</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Misuse of words</h1>
			<p>Common problems in speech from native English speakers that can&apos;t figure out how to speak their own language correctly</p>
		</header>
<p>When you misuse words, it makes you look stupid and/or uneducated. Please don&apos;t make the following common and idiotic mistakes. This page doesn&apos;t even deal with homonyms. If you can&apos;t figure out that the spelling &quot;they&apos;re&quot; is the one that&apos;s a contraction of the words &quot;they are&quot;, being clearly the only one of the three words to be spelled with an apostrophe, you might be beyond help. As for other homonyms, if you&apos;re unsure, look them up.</p>
<h2><abbr title="automated teller machine">ATM</abbr> machine</h2>
<p>An <abbr title="automated teller machine">ATM</abbr> is an automatic teller machine. The acronym &quot;ATM&quot; literally stands for &quot;automatic teller machine&quot;. So what then, is an &quot;<abbr title="automated teller machine">ATM</abbr> machine&quot;? Clearly, it&apos;s an &quot;automatic teller machine machine&quot;, whatever that is. Is it a machine that produces <abbr title="automated teller machine">ATM</abbr>s? Maybe. But the one thing that it most certainly <strong>*isn&apos;t*</strong> is one of those machines that allows you to deposit money into and withdraw money out of an account, because those are just <abbr title="automated teller machine">ATM</abbr>s.</p>
<h2>Black and white</h2>
<p>Black and white are two and only two colors. Neither of those colors are grey. If an image includes black, white, and grey, it&apos;s not a black and white image; it&apos;s a <strong>*greyscale*</strong> image.</p>
<h2>Could care less</h2>
<p>If you could dare less, it means that you must care. Otherwise, you&apos;d be completely unable to care less than you do now. If you mean that you don&apos;t care at all, the correct phrasing is that you <strong>*couldn&apos;t*</strong> care less. If you <strong>*couldn&apos;t*</strong> care less, it means that you don&apos;t care at all, because if you did care even in the slightest, it would be possible to care less.</p>
<h2>Did I scare you?</h2>
<p>If you scare someone, you make them fear you. If you make a sudden noise near someone and they jump, but then they&apos;re not trying to get away from you once they know what&apos;s going on, you didn&apos;t scare them. You <strong>*startled*</strong> them.</p>
<h2>Don&apos;t itch!</h2>
<p>Please don&apos;t tell people not to itch. To <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Itch">itch</a> is to experience the sensation of itchiness. People <strong>*cannot*</strong> make themselves not itch, except sometimes via <strong>*scratching*</strong>, which is the action that you&apos;re actually trying to prevent. If you don&apos;t want someone to <strong>*scratch*</strong>, then that&apos;s what you should say.</p>
<h2>Less is more</h2>
<p>Less is not more. The phrase &quot;less is more&quot; doesn&apos;t even make sense. Less may be <strong>*better*</strong>, and more may be <strong>*worse*</strong>, but less <strong>*cannot*</strong>, by definition, be more.</p>
<h2>Literally</h2>
<p>Literally means in a &quot;in a literal sense&quot;. In other words, if you say that you are literally doing something, it means that you are actually doing it and that you don&apos;t mean that as a figure of speech. For example, if you say that you&apos;re literally dying of laughter, it means that your life is actually ending because of how much that you&apos;re laughing. Is that <strong>*really*</strong> the message that you&apos;re trying to get across? My mother is a schoolteacher, and often says that the students are literally bouncing off the walls. Are they actually bashing themselves against the walls and ricocheting off? No? Then they are <strong>*figuratively*</strong> bouncing off the walls.</p>
<p>Misuse of this word has gotten so bad that in dictionaries, &quot;figuratively&quot; is now listed as one of the definitions of this word. In other words, the language has become so corrupted that a word now means its own opposite. When something means its own opposite, the word loses all value because it no longer has a useful, distinguishing meaning. Please, quit misusing this word so that we can get its meaning fixed.</p>
<h2><abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> number</h2>
<p>A <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> is a personal identification number, so a &quot;<abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> number&quot; would be a &quot;personal identification number number&quot;. Is that some sort of meta-number that references your actual <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr>?</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016-2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fopinion%2Fmisuse_of_words.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fopinion%2Fmisuse_of_words.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

