<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>It doesn&apos;t matter my sexual orientation anyway. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>It doesn&apos;t matter my sexual orientation anyway.</h1>
			<p>Day 00946: <time>Sunday, 2017 October 08</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Whenever I actually take the time to think about it, I realise I don&apos;t want a heterosexual relationship in any sense.
		Everything about my wanting to be bi is about my wanting to be capable of settling.
		The majority of people that would even consider dating me are going to be of the opposite sex, so being bi opens up my options much more than being gay.
		Assuming I could choose a trustworthy partner of either sex and we matched up well on an ethical and emotional front, every part of me would want the same-sex partner.
		I seem to think that being able to settle for an opposite-sex partner would be beneficial for me, but would it really?
		Even the way the world would see us wouldn&apos;t be what I want; most people wouldn&apos;t see us as equals, but as different role-fillers.
		Then again, it doesn&apos;t matter anyway.
		It&apos;s not like I&apos;ll find a vegan atheist that supports free software and culture.
		And short of that, I&apos;d probably rather be alone so they don&apos;t pollute my home with things such as televisions and meat.
		Besides, I think I&apos;ve got my gayness under control now.
		It&apos;s now a capacity to pair with a male, not a burning desire, and I&apos;m perfectly fine on my own.
		In fact, why am I even still fretting about this?
		As I biked to work today, I realised another thing: for me to be compatible with someone, it&apos;s indirectly necessary that they be a geek.
		I wouldn&apos;t directly mind settling down with a non-geek, but they&apos;re not going to understand licensing, let alone care about it, unless they&apos;re either a software geek or a media geek.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve decided that my <code>minequest</code> mod is probably overkill.
		I should build the mineral-item-detection feature from <code>minequest</code> into the <code>minestats</code> <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr>, then invert it so it can be detected which minerals could possibly be present in a given item.
		From there, I should add a method for getting a player&apos;s &quot;proficiency&quot; with any game item.
		For mineral items, the proficiency will be based off the mined minerals that could make up that item.
		For any other item, the proficiency will be zero.
	</p>
		I&apos;ve already come up with a yellow beds mod that will make use of this proficiency mechanic.
		The more proficient a player is with yellow beds, the more yellow beds that player may place into the world.
		Unlike red beds, which set your spawning location, yellow beds will set warp points that the player may return to any time from another yellow bed.
		A player may only return to their own yellow beds, but it will be possible to warp <strong>*from*</strong> the yellow bed of another player.
		Likewise, if a yellow bed is destroyed (by any player, not just the one that placed it), that warp point is lost to the owning player.
		The yellow beds will obviously draw power from the cotton stats (both cotton*1 and cotton*2) of the players, but there&apos;s a third stat that&apos;ll influence them as well due to some unintuitive recipes in Minetest Game.
		This is not a bug in Minetest Game, and it <strong>*would be*</strong> a bug in the yellow beds mod not to allow it to influence the beds.
		That means the influence of this third stat is a hidden and intended feature.
		And lastly, it&apos;s obvious that the yellow beds need to be a different colour than the red beds to tell them apart and provide different crafting recipes.
		However, can you guess why I chose <strong>*yellow*</strong>?
		Yellow&apos;s not a colour I&apos;m really a fan of, but the colour choice was a strategic one.
	<p>
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;d also like to build <code>minestats</code>-awareness into my block-protection mod and shop mod, but I&apos;m not sure how to go about doing that.
		I might give up on both counts and have them ignore <code>minestats</code> like most mods do.
		It&apos;d be a bit disappointing to do that, but forcing awareness into mods that it doesn&apos;t belong in will only make the mods seem sloppy and not well thought-out.
		If I can&apos;t make the <code>minestats</code>-awareness into a legitimately-desirable feature, it should be left out.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My goal for today was to complete an approximation of the Codecademy-based assignment, seeing as the actual assignment is impossible to complete.
		The instructions from the university are only valid for an older version of the Codecademy website.
		My initial plan was to complete the entirety of the JavaScript section, as we were supposed to complete the first part and the parts we were supposed to complete don&apos;t match that which is on the website.
		Unfortunately, the name of the new tutorial set now matches the first section we&apos;re supposed to complete.
		If I go with the initial plan for my screenshot, it&apos;ll look like I completed half of what I was supposed to.
		I found a way to get a good screenshot while only completing the first four lessons though.
		The actual assignment says to complete the first four lessons, which are grouped into two sections, though on the actual website, the second and third section have only one lesson each.
		The third section is named the same as the old second section, so it looks like completing these first three sections will leave me with about as much progress as had been intended by the university anyway.
	</p>
	<p>
		With the time saved in not going above and beyond, I was able to work on grading today.
		I started by grading the Codecademy-based assignments from last week.
		I found that the students I graded toe work from were even more confused than the ones that&apos;d posted in the class forum.
		The first student said they weren&apos;t sure what lessons to take, so they took a bunch of random ones.
		The only ones they completely finished though had nothing to do with <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr> or <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> though, and the module we were supposed to use was supposed to be called &quot;HTML &amp; CSS&quot;.
		They started some of the <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr>-based lessons, but didn&apos;t even complete those ones.
		All I can think is that they&apos;re a moron.
		The second student completed the <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr> module, but didn&apos;t even touch the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> module.
		I guess I might excuse that, if not for the fact that we were supposed to complete something the week before, too.
		I&apos;d argue we were supposed to complete the <abbr title="Hypertext Markup Language">HTML</abbr> module as well as part of the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> module the first week, then we were supposed to finish the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> module the next week.
		There were other solutions I would&apos;ve accepted as well due to the ambiguity, but it was clear that we were supposed to put at least <strong>*some*</strong> effort into <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> lessons.
		The third student was the most confused of all.
		They completed one percent of several lessons, but didn&apos;t actually finish <strong>*any*</strong> lessons.
		Um.
		What?
		How did they figure that was what was meant by the assignment?
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

