<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Still trying to figure out what I am &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Still trying to figure out what I am</h1>
			<p>Day 00952: Saturday, 2017 October 14</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m starting to think again that I&apos;m probably a demigirl.
		At the very least, I have equal parts masculinity and femininity, but it&apos;s more likely I have greater femininity than masculinity.
		It&apos;d explain a lot of my thoughts and feelings.
		Still, I estimate I&apos;m at most about seventy percent feminine.
		I&apos;m pretty sure I&apos;m not girly enough to be a transwoman, but I&apos;m girly enough to know for certain I&apos;m not a cisman.
		Mostly though, this is all idle thoughts that don&apos;t amount to anything important.
		Regardless of if I&apos;m a demigirl or not, it&apos;s much more useful to identify as being of a neutral gender.
		It&apos;s complicated enough to explain myself without deciding to bring the full gender spectrum into the conversation.
		Besides, I dream of a world where people don&apos;t even care about gender.
		A world where the same pronouns are used for everyone.
		A world where double standards aren&apos;t in play, where something that&apos;s considered normal for a male to do is also considered normal for a female, and vice versa.
		A world where we&apos;re treated based on who we are, not what our outer bodies are like.
		For me to identify as being on either side of the line is thus counterproductive.
	</p>
	<p>
		Ironically, while I&apos;m feeling particularly girly today, I&apos;m not really craving the companionship of a male at all.
		Companionship would be nice, but I feel rather bisexual today.
		Like, even my usual method of proving to myself I&apos;m gay is doing nothing for me.
		It could be that since I haven&apos;t been trying to force anything lately, it&apos;s actually legitimately coming out in me.
		If I can find an understanding and compatible partner of any gender and any sex, I think I could make it work well.
		Having a gay partner would certainly make certain aspects of life easier, I&apos;m not denying that.
		A heterosexual, cisgendered person is more likely to want to have more-traditional gender roles involved in the relationship, and that&apos;s just not something I&apos;m likely able to put up with.
		A cisgendered heterosexual would probably be a decent match anyway if she was open to flexibility in the relationship and the defining of our own roles though.
		I&apos;m not feeling as uptight about compatibility criteria as I&apos;ve felt recently, either.
		As long as we&apos;re not going to raise children together, a lot of what I was seeking in a partner doesn&apos;t matter so much.
		That said, I&apos;m still doing quite well on my own and am in no rush to start dating.
		I still have school too, which takes a good chunk of my time.
		I&apos;m probably better off alone for the time being.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I wasn&apos;t nearly as productive today as I planned to be, but I did make a good breakthrough in my studies.
		The main assignment in my operating systems course this week involved understanding how the bits of a virtual memory address are spilt into offset bits and page number bits, and I&apos;d previously been overwhelmed by the concept.
		It certainly didn&apos;t look like enough information was given in the assignment instructions, but I now understand how that all works.
		I should be able to complete the assignment without further reading, though I&apos;d prefer to complete the reading material first just to be sure I&apos;m not going to have to amend my submission later before handing it in.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

