<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>More garbage assignments &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>More garbage assignments</h1>
			<p>Day 00957: Thursday, 2017 October 19</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		A company that keeps sending me postal spam sent me another junk mail letter today.
		I think my credit union sold them my name and address.
		They keep trying to get me to telephone them.
		Normally I ignore it, but this time, they had an offer I was slightly interested in.
		I emailed them explaining that I don&apos;t have telephone service and asking how to claim the offer.
		They wrote back telling me to call some telephone number.
		<strong>*Clearly*</strong>, they didn&apos;t actually <strong>*read*</strong> my message to them.
		I wrote back saying as much too.
		If they write back saying I can&apos;t claim the offer now, I&apos;m probably going to look into my legal rights in regards to spam sent by companies that one has asked to stop contacting them, then I&apos;ll ask them to stop contacting me.
		I may or may not bring up the legal rights in that message, though if I don&apos;t and they claim they can&apos;t remove me from their list, I&apos;ll certainly cite my rights.
		If they can&apos;t be bothered to put in the effort to make themselves available via a reasonable contact method, then they&apos;re going to <strong>*have to*</strong> put in the effort to make sure not to keep adding me to their contact list when they get member list updates from my credit union.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		Lovely.
		I&apos;ve got another bad school week ahead of me.
		In <span title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</span>, we&apos;ve got another Windows-only assignment.
		Again, with no warning.
		I&apos;ve asked Mostapha for for help again, so hopefully that&apos;ll be a somewhat quick assignment.
		Still, I&apos;ve got to do double the work, as I&apos;ve got to show the Windows tool required, in addition to some Linux equivalent to show that Windows doesn&apos;t have some leg up on Linux that it doesn&apos;t actually have.
		Mostapha said he&apos;d help, but he didn&apos;t actually start up the virtualised system.
		I think he assumed the request was for later for some reason.
		If he hasn&apos;t gotten back to me on that by my next day off, I&apos;ll try to get him to start the system then.
		That way, I have all day to try to reach him when he&apos;s home and not busy.
		In <span title="Web Programming 1">CS 2205</span>, we&apos;ve had a few confusing assignments lately.
		The problem is that the assignments tell us to complete certain activities on a third-party website that has changed quite a bit since the assignments were written.
		This week, the assignment tells us to complete some of the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> lessons on this website.
		However, while other lessons have appeared to be renamed, restructured, and/or replaced, there appeared to no longer be any <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> lessons on the website at all; it seemed they&apos;d been completely <strong>*removed*</strong>!
		I thought there was no possibility of completing anything close to the original assignment.
	</p>
	<p>
		I wrote to the professor on the side, and pasted the same message in the public class forum.
		A couple other students showed me the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> section of the site though.
		Um.
		How did they <strong>*find*</strong> that?
		I can&apos;t find any link to that page on the actual website; I need to know the actual <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> to get there.
		Furthermore, the completion of work in this hidden section doesn&apos;t show up on my profile page.
		It this ... an old part of the site that never got updated?
		Is it just here as cruft, somewhat-functional, but abandoned and forgotten?
		Other students have been using lessons from this broken section too though.
		I recognise the section from their screenshots, though there doesn&apos;t seem to be a way to navigate between lesson topics.
		Furthermore, students using this section always only had the lessons show up as one percent complete in their screenshots.
		Now I see why.
		When the lessons here have not been completed, they show up as being 0% complete, regardless of the actual completion percentage.
		Once you complete them, they show up as 1% complete, not 100% complete.
		That only backs up my theory that this section of the site is broken and abandoned; if it was maintained, this would probably have been caught and fixed.
		A little editing of the page cleaned up the screenshot, and I actually took the screenshot before completing all of the work.
		I did go back and complete the work though, despite it all being way below my skill level.
		I mean, it&apos;s an introduction to <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> and <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> is my native language.
		Later in the day, my professor got to me, and they&apos;ve been confused about the assignments too.
		They&apos;re speaking with the course planners to see what&apos;s going on.
		It&apos;s a simple matter of that the website was updated since the assignments were written though.
		The assignments simply need to be updated to reflect that.
		It&apos;s a risk you take when you rely on third-party systems.
		More importantly to me though, this professor, my <span title="Web Programming 1">CS 2205</span> professor, got back to me same-day.
		This proves that unlike my <span title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</span> professor, who didn&apos;t get back to me even after a week had passed, my <span title="Web Programming 1">CS 2205</span> can be depended upon.
	</p>
	<p>
		I also got the grading for the week done, and a little of one of the reading assignments.
		I should&apos;ve worked harder and gotten more of the reading done, but failing to go full force in my studies worked out for me last week.
		In part, I think it keeps me from burning out completely before I reach the finish line, but also, when things events don&apos;t seem to be conspiring to bring me down, I do have some time to spare.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

