<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>Irritable &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Irritable</h1>
			<p>Day 00964: Thursday, 2017 October 26</p>
		</header>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I feel quite irritable today.
		Two of our past assignments in <span title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</span> have been pointlessly rigged to be unfair to non-Windows users.
		We&apos;ve been required to use specific Windows software to get information that can easily be gotten with a variety of other software options.
		This is obnoxious, distracts from the learning, and sets the system up to be against those of us that choose to use a better operating system (and/or can&apos;t afford a copy of Windows).
		This week though ...
		This week, we&apos;re focussing on Windows security.
		That alone isn&apos;t a problem though.
		Windows is horribly insecure, and even attempting to make it somewhat secure probably deserves an entire course to itself.
		Surely I can survive just this single week of this topic.
		Furthermore, this topic actually <strong>*is*</strong> Windows-specific, unlike those other two assignments, so if Windows was required this week, I&apos;d actually not complain too much.
		However, the learning journal assignment asks us to describe what we personally are going to do or have done to harden our Windows machines after completing the week&apos;s learning material.
		For the other two assignments, I was able to borrow a Windows system, but for this week&apos;s learning journal assignment, I either have to lie or I have to say &quot;Um, I&apos;m not a Windows user, I can&apos;t implement any of this.&quot;.
		And I won&apos;t pretend to be a Windows user.
		I just won&apos;t do it.
		I have a lot of negative qualities, I won&apos;t lie, but being a Windows user isn&apos;t one of them.
	</p>
	<p>
		There&apos;s no discussion assignment this week in that course though, making that course&apos;s work the less-urgent part of this week&apos;s study.
		Not less important, just less urgent.
		I&apos;ll focus on <span title="Web Programming 1">CS 2205</span>&apos;s work first.
		It&apos;s too bad <span title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</span> doesn&apos;t have a discussion assignment this week though, as the thought of that course&apos;s work is weighing me down.
		It&apos;d be nice to have it out of the way.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

