<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Scheduling my exams &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Scheduling my exams</h1>
			<p>Day 00968: <time>Monday, 2017 October 30</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		People make up the weirdest lies.
		We have a sign on the drive-through window telling people to order at the menu board, but it&apos;s poorly worded.
		It doesn&apos;t mention that if you already placed your order, you still need to stop at the menu board to let us know what order you&apos;re there for and that you&apos;re there to pick it up.
		People are complete morons, so they assume that we&apos;ll magically know they&apos;re there to pick up an order if they skip the menu board and drive straight to the window.
		We&apos;ve got no sensors there though; obviously, just like with any other drive-through lane, the sensors are at the menu board.
		Anyway, one customer today, once they&apos;d sat at the window waiting for a while and I&apos;d been alerted to their presence by a coworker, informed me that the person they placed their order with over the telephone had told them they could skip straight to the window and bypass the menu board.
		First of all, none of our employees would even think that, as far as I know.
		But even if they did for some reason think this was okay, why would it even come up?
		I like to think my coworkers are intelligent enough to figure out how a drive-though lane works, but even if they aren&apos;t, there&apos;s no reason for them to provide the customer with such a random assertion.
		In other words, I can almost guarantee the customer was telling a bogus tale.
		But why would they even bother?
	</p>
	<p>
		October thirty-first is always our busiest day of the year.
		I&apos;m not sure why though.
		Obviously it&apos;s Halloween, but does that mean people like pizza with their candy?
		I have no idea.
		Still, we plan for the rush on that day every year, and every year, we get the rush we expect.
		All our employees are always scheduled to work that day.
		The head manager informed me I&apos;d be the &quot;floater&quot; tomorrow; the person that drifts between stations filling in the labour gaps wherever I&apos;m needed.
		I was really hoping to be the front counter person, so as to show off my costume, but it&apos;s nice to know before heading in that that&apos;s not going to happen.
		It&apos;s nice to not get my hopes up.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of my coworkers was insisting I&apos;m a man today.
		So I showed them my government-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> that says I&apos;m not.
		That was fun!
		I love being able to do that.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve reached out to the testing centre, though not my own university, about getting my exams proctored.
		I asked various questions such as what hours they&apos;re open, what payment methods they accept, and whether an appointment is needed.
		I&apos;d really like to get the exams taken on my one day off from work during the exam period, which is the first day of the exam window, so I have to get the information as soon as possible.
		They told me to make an appointment via telephone.
		Ugh.
		I forgot to ask if I needed to bring my own laptop or if the testing centre will be providing a computer.
		I assume they won&apos;t want me to use my own computer, but in my next letter, I asked to be sure, and I also asked if I had the address of the testing centre correct.
		I also said I have no telephone service, and asked if I can schedule in-person or by email, and asked how far ahead I need to schedule.
		If I needed to do this in-person, it&apos;d really eat at my time, especially if I needed to schedule a few days in advance.
		Luckily, they were able to schedule me via email.
		My time slot is from 14:00 to 16:00 on Thursday.
		I asked if I need to bring anything besides my photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> and my payment, but they didn&apos;t answer; they ignored the question, while writing back about other things I mentioned in the same letter.
		They&apos;d better not assume I have something else on me then, as I probably won&apos;t have anything else they&apos;d want from me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was scheduled to finish my grading today, but instead, I worked on the <span title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</span> reading assignment.
		It was the Windows-hardening guidelines provided by the <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr>!
		I don&apos;t trust that Windows can be made actually secure (It can be hardened, but hardening something soft and squishy can make it less soft and squishy without actually making it hard and difficult to break).
		I also don&apos;t trust the <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr>.
		They <strong>*want*</strong> to be able to break into our computers, and they even go so far as to having back doors installed in the systems they have influence over, so why would they give us good security advice?
		I can only assume that the security measures they recommend don&apos;t seal any of the back doors the <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr> use themself.
		In other words, the advice is likely better than nothing, but still not enough to actually secure your machine.
		Then again, like I said, I don&apos;t think it&apos;s possible to actually secure a Windows machine, at least not without completely disconnecting it from the network (and thus putting a wall between Windows and all that would threaten it).
		The reading material was a 54-page <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> full of Windows technobabble that I had no hope of understanding.
		So I skimmed, and tried to catch the high-level details.
		Hopefully we won&apos;t be tested on the Windows-specific parts that I had no way to understand due to us not having covered Windows basics first.
	</p>
	<p>
		Once I got home from work, I found an email had arrived from my school finally about the proctored exams.
		I&apos;m to ensure the exam codes have found their way to the proctor&apos;s inbox before the testing period begins.
		Without the codes, I won&apos;t be able to take my final exams at all and I&apos;ll fail the courses.
		I wrote to the testing centre right away, so I&apos;ll probably have a response tomorrow.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

