<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>Plagiarism &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/10-October/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Plagiarism</h1>
			<p>Day 00969: <time>Tuesday, 2017 October 31</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I brought candy to work for the children of customers, and dairy-free ice cream and potato chips for the employees.
		Our volunteer make-up artist&apos;s make-up kit didn&apos;t arrive in the mail until half an hour before their shift though, so they weren&apos;t able to do anyone&apos;s make-up.
		That was disappointing, but it happens.
		There was some kind of medical complication in regards to one of the shift leaders and their kidney stones, so employees were shuffled around a bit.
		I ended up working the front register like I&apos;d wanted to after all, though I&apos;m worried about my shift leader.
		We were slammed with customers all night, so we weren&apos;t able to do our usual clean-up tasks while the store was open.
		Us closers ended up staying an hour after work to get everything done.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		My university sent me a second email asking me to ensure the exam codes have been received and the testing centre responded to my letter from yesterday confirming the receipt of these codes.
		Perfect.
		Everything should go well.
	</p>
	<p>
		I should&apos;ve gotten some coursework done today, but I didn&apos;t.
		I&apos;ve got some practice tests, three assignments to grade, and a couple learning journal entries that are almost complete.
		Everything else is done, and I have tomorrow off from work.
		I&apos;ll be fine.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve been informed by a fellow student that my <a href="/en/coursework/">coursework</a> is being plagiarised.
		Hmm.
		Not good, but I&apos;m not sure how to prevent it.
		To be clear, my work is released under the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr>; that is to say, it&apos;s fine to reuse my work for non-school-related work <strong>*as long as credit is given and your work is released under the same license*</strong>.
		Copying without giving credit is not permitted though, and copying my work and submitting it as your own for a school assignment is cheating.
		It&apos;d even be fine to cite my work as a reference for your own or something; there are all sorts of options that don&apos;t involve passing off my work as your own.
		I&apos;ve written to the school to see if they have anything they want done about it or want any further action from me.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F10-October%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

