<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/coursework/ENVS1301/"/>
		<title>Take-down notice 2017-11-01 &lt;https://y.st./en/coursework/ENVS1301/&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/ENVS1301/index.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/BUS1101/" title="Principles of Business Management">BUS 1101</a> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Basic Accounting">BUS 1102</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Principles of Marketing">BUS 2201</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Multinational Management">BUS 2207</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Business and Society">BUS 3306</span> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS1101/" title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS1102/" title="Programming 1">CS 1102</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS1103/" title="Programming 2">CS 1103</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS1104/" title="Computer Systems">CS 1104</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS2203/" title="Databases 1">CS 2203</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS2204/" title="Communications and Networking">CS 2204</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS2205/" title="Web Programming 1">CS 2205</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS2301/" title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS2401/" title="Software Engineering 1">CS 2401</a> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Data Structures">CS 3303</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Analysis of Algorithms">CS 3304</span> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS3305/" title="Web Programming 2">CS 3305</a> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Databases 2">CS 3306</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Operating Systems 2">CS 3307</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Information Retrieval">CS 3308</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Comparative Programming Languages">CS 4402</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Software Engineering 2">CS 4403</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Advanced Networking and Data Security">CS 4404</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Mobile Applications">CS 4405</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Computer Graphics">CS 4406</span> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/CS4407/" title="Data Mining and Machine Learning">CS 4407</a> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Artificial Intelligence">CS 4408</span> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/ENGL1102/" title="English Composition 2">ENGL 1102</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/ENGL1405/" title="World Literature">ENGL 1405</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/ENVS1301/" title="Introduction to Environmental Science">ENVS 1301</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/HIST1421/" title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/MATH1201/" title="College Algebra">MATH 1201</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Calculus">MATH 1211</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Introduction to Statistics">MATH 1280</span> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Discrete Mathematics">MATH 1302</span> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/PHIL1402/" title="Introduction to Philosophy">PHIL 1402</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/PHIL1404/" title="Ethics and Social Responsibility">PHIL 1404</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/POLS1503/" title="Globalization">POLS 1503</a> |
		<span class="hyperlink_unavailable" title="Introduction to Psychology">PSYC 1504</span> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/UNIV1001/" title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/ENVS1301/Impact_on_the_carbon_cycle.xhtml" title="Impact on the carbon cycle">Unit 4</a> |
		<a href="/en/coursework/ENVS1301/Lane_Regional_Air_Protection_Agency.xhtml" title="Lane Regional Air Protection Agency">Unit 6</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Take-down notice 2017-11-01</h1>
			<p>Censorship of students</p>
		</header>
<p>
	A student was found plagiarising my work at the university.
	Citing me as a source is one thing, but submitting my work and claiming it to be your own is cheating.
	This is not something I appreciate or condone, and I had written to the school to try to get the issue resolved.
	However, it seems that now <strong>*I&apos;m*</strong> the one in trouble.
	The university has issued me this take-down request, which I have abided by:
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		Dear Alex,<br/>
		It has been brought to our attention that you are sharing course materials, responses, and other components of your online studies at https://y.st/. Although your intentions may have been to simply archive your studies, it is a significant violation of our Academic Code of Integrity, which is cited below.
	</p>
	<p>
		All references to course content at UoPeople must be removed immediately from this and any other online site.
	</p>
	<p>
		Please confirm that you have removed all materials and posts from these sites within 7 days from the date of this email. We would like to resolve this as quickly as possible but please note that this is a serious matter which requires your immediate attention and cannot occur again without additional consequences,  which may include retroactive failure of coursework and possibly expulsion.
	</p>
	<p>
		Code of Academic Integrity
	</p>
	<p>
		University of the People fosters a spirit of honesty and integrity fundamental to a university community. As an academic community whose fundamental purpose is learning and the pursuit of knowledge, every individual at UoPeople is responsible for following accepted standards of academic integrity and for sharing a commitment to upholding these values in all academic pursuits.
	</p>
	<p>
		University of the People students are expected to work diligently to ensure that all assignments, exams or other coursework submitted represents the student&apos;s original work and follows acceptable academic practices. Students are encouraged to work together, as group efforts and study groups are a wonderful tool to facilitate learning and foster a deeper understanding of material in a course.
	</p>
	<p>
		However, students must submit their own individual work at all times unless instructed to participate in group work as part of a course requirement. In the rare instance of a very advanced class that is cumulative in nature, there may be occasions when the Course Instructor may assign work that requires students to submit pieces of their own work that had been previously submitted in this or another UoPeople course; unless specifically so advised by one&apos;s Course Instructor, students should assume that the practice is prohibited.
	</p>
	<p>
		Sources must be documented through acceptable scholarly references and citations, and the extent to which the sources have been used must be apparent to the reader. Even indirect quotations, paraphrasing, etc., can be considered plagiarism unless sources are properly cited. Plagiarism will not be tolerated at any time; students are required to learn and be personally responsible for educating themselves about plagiarism and the appropriate forms of citation and referencing sources. Students who need assistance and/or have questions concerning use of outside resources or collaboration on assignments should contact their Course Instructors and/or the Office of Academic Affairs at academic.affairs@uopeople.edu&lt;mailto:academic.affairs@uopeople.edu&gt;.
	</p>
	<p>
		Under no circumstances are students allowed to publicly share (for example on blogs, websites, social media, databases) their work completed at or for University of the People until two calendar years from the end of the student’s final term of study.
	</p>
	<p>
		All student work and scholarship must be free of fraud and deception including:
	</p>
	<p>
		&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;Plagiarism—the unintentional or intentional representation of the words or ideas of another as one’s own work in any academic exercise. This includes failing to properly identify direct quotations with both a proper citation and with quotation marks, submitting a paper that was the result of someone else’s efforts but is represented as one’s own work, paraphrasing bodies of work without proper citation, and copying so many words or ideas from a source that it makes up majority significant portion of one’s own work even while attempting to paraphrase and change the text. Plagiarism also includes giving incorrect information about the source of a quotation and submitting academic work multiple times without informing the Course Instructor and receiving approval.
	</p>
	<p>
		When Course Instructors or University personnel suspect plagiarism, both special programs and the Internet will be used to identify the sources of intellectual property suspected of being used or cited inappropriately.
	</p>
	<p>
		&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;Fabrication—falsifying documents, changing or inventing data, citing sources not consulted, and misrepresenting citations.
	</p>
	<p>
		&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;Unauthorized Assistance—completion of an academic exercise or exam by someone other than the student, using or receiving copies of the work of someone who had previously taken the UoPeople course, or collaborating without acknowledging the collaboration. While collaboration is a key element to a positive University of the People learning experience, it is critical that students acknowledge any collaboration and its extent in all submitted course work.
	</p>
	<p>
		&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;Misrepresentation—lying or misrepresenting a student’s personal situation to a University member in an attempt to receive special circumstances, permissions, quiz and/or exam resets, or extensions.
	</p>
	<p>
		&#160;&#160;*&#160;&#160;&#160;Collusion—assisting another student in committing an act of academic dishonesty, including providing information about or copies of one’s own work from a course that had been previously taken at UoPeople.
	</p>
	<p>
		All members of the academic community, including instructional personnel, students, and University administrators are expected to assist in maintaining the highest level of integrity and to report all incidents that violate academic honesty. Students encountering suspected cases of cheating should discreetly report the violator to their Course Instructor. Specifically, if academic misconduct is suspected in a Discussion Forum posting or any other work product, students should contact their Course Instructor and should not assign the student a grade as part of the peer assessment process.
	</p>
	<p>
		Disciplinary Process
	</p>
	<p>
		All violations are reported by the Office of Academic Affairs to the Office of Student Services. Breaches of the Code of Academic Integrity and the General Code of Conduct are grounds for disciplinary action and are permanently noted in a student’s academic record. All violations are cumulative and may accumulate throughout a student’s studies at University of the People, regardless of which course the violations take place in. All Code of Conduct violations will be defined as severe violations (see below), unless the Office of Academic Affairs decides otherwise. Therefore, the process for a student’s first three violations as described below will typically apply only to Code of Academic Integrity violations.
	</p>
	<p>
		Violations are normally subject to the following sanctions by the University:
	</p>
	<p>
		First violation: Warning is issued by the course instructor, the student is issued a zero by the Office of Academic Affairs on the assignment, and a permanent note is added to the student’s record.
	</p>
	<p>
		Second violation: Student is issued a zero on the assignment or exam in question. The student may also receive a failing grade in the course as determined by the Office of Academic Affairs.
	</p>
	<p>
		Third violation: Student is issued a failing grade in the course.
	</p>
	<p>
		Fourth violation and up will be treated as severe violations (see below).
	</p>
	<p>
		Sanctions, however, may vary based on past disciplinary records, and the University retains the absolute discretion to determine the appropriate sanction to be imposed for any infraction, depending on the severity of the violation. Sanctions may also be cumulative; no sanction must necessarily be exhausted before another sanction is imposed.
	</p>
	<p>
		In cases where an act of academic misconduct remains undiscovered until after credits have been issued or a degree is awarded, University of the People reserves the right to revoke any credits or degree based on new revelations about academic issues including, but not restricted to, admission credentials, coursework, research, theses, or other final projects.
	</p>
	<p>
		Once a student has accumulated more than three violations, or when a violation was defined as severe at the discretion of the Office of Academic Affairs, the following violations will all constitute severe violations.
	</p>
	<p>
		In cases where a student is determined to have committed a severe violation:
	</p>
	<p>
		The Office of Academic Affairs may decide to suspend the student’s access to University services such as Moodle and Yammer, even if such suspension affects the student’s ability to complete his or her courses.
	</p>
	<p>
		The student will be contacted by a University official to advise the student of his or her alleged violation and to describe the investigation and disciplinary process, including the possible sanctions that may be imposed. The student will be given seven calendar days within which to submit a written response to the Office of Student Services at student.services@uopeople.edu&lt;mailto:student.services@uopeople.edu&gt;.
	</p>
	<p>
		If a student does not respond to the allegations found against them the student forfeits the right to a decision by the Student Affairs Committee and may receive a failing grade in the course and be subject to dismissal from the University, depending on the severity of the violation as recommended by the Office of Academic Affairs.
	</p>
	<p>
		However, if a response is submitted, his or her case is referred to the Student Affairs Committee. Following receipt of the student’s written response, the Student Affairs Committee will conclude whether the student violated the General Code of Conduct or Code of Academic Integrity and, if so, will determine what disciplinary sanctions will be imposed on the student in respect to such violation.
	</p>
	<p>
		Such sanctions may include censure and a warning to avoid future violations, immediate removal of the student from his or her course(s) that term, suspension from the University, or permanent dismissal from the University. The Office of Student Services will communicate with the student regarding the investigation and determinations of the Student Affairs Committee.
	</p>
	<p>
		Sincerely,
	</p>
	<p>
		Office of Academic Affairs<br/>
		University of the People<br/>
		academic.affairs@uopeople.edu&lt;mailto:academic.affairs@uopeople.edu&gt;
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	Instead of telling me what part of the code of conduct they were accusing me of violating, they just spewed the full code of conduct at me, but I found what they were talking about.
	Specifically, public posting of coursework submissions is prohibited until after two calendar years have passed since departing from the school.
	Also as you can see, they jumped right to the threats instead of first trying to be reasonable, point out the issue, and nicely ask me to take down the content they didn&apos;t like.
	Clearly, they&apos;re a great, student-friendly school, right?
	In compliance with this take-down request, all material that I&apos;ve submitted to the school has been removed from this website.
	In the case of the <code>/en/coursework/</code> directory, every page has been removed.
	In the case of the <code>/en/weblog/</code> directory, only pages that contain material submitted to the school for grading have been removed.
	These would be pages containing submissions for discussion assignments; no other material submitted to the school for grading is present in the <code>/en/weblog/</code> directory.
	If you have an interest in the missing journal pages, you&apos;ll need to wait until this take-down request has expired, which if all goes well, will be 2023-01-01 (just past two calendar years from when I graduate).
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fcoursework%2FENVS1301%2F"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fcoursework%2FENVS1301%2F"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

