<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>Buying a new machine &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Buying a new machine</h1>
			<p>Day 00854: <time>Saturday, 2017 July 08</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I was right not to try to hit up the recycling center yesterday.
		It took a little over three hours, round trip.
		Once there, I got very lucky.
		The recycling centre doesn&apos;t always carry Linux machines, and when they do, there are very few of them.
		My understanding is that after they rebuild and refurbish machines, they prefer to install Windows, but if the machine is too weak or too old, they fall back to whatever Linux distribution they&apos;re currently into.
		They seem to always go for the same distribution at any given time, but which distribution they use changes over time.
		Thankfully, they had one Linux laptop available; a Lenovo ThinkPad T61 running Linux Mint 18.1.
		It was more expensive than I wanted it to be, but that&apos;s what I get for putting off replacing my laptop until <strong>*beyond*</strong> the last minute.
	</p>
	<p>
		The first thing I noticed about the machine was that it is, in fact, a ThinkPad.
		It might be possible to install LibreBoot on this thing in the future, but that&apos;s something to look into on a later date.
		Once I got home, I immediately pulled the hard drive out of my <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">dead machine</a> to see if I could recover my files using the new one.
		No dice.
		The new machine&apos;s hard drive bay is sealed, and the seal says the warranty is void if I tamper with it.
		If something&apos;s wrong with this machine, I&apos;ll need that warranty.
		Next, I tried putting the hard drive in my retired <a href="/en/domains/thinkpad-x60s.local.xhtml">other ThinkPad</a>.
		It wouldn&apos;t boot though.
		After a while, I figured out the problem.
		The old machine has a 32-bit processor, but the system on the hard drive is a 64-bit system.
		Someone online gave me the idea to try recovering the data from a live <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> system, but it looks like the download for that would take two days, if I downloaded it from home.
		I ended up bringing my laptop to work and downloading the system there.
		However, the live system doesn&apos;t seem to recognise the file system on my hard drive.
		I&apos;m not sure what to do.
	</p>
	<p>
		I checked at the library, and they don&apos;t seem to have open Ethernet ports for library patrons.
		It seems the live <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> isn&apos;t able to use the machine&apos;s Wi-Fi card as I feared.
		I&apos;ll look into how to figure out if the Wi-Fi card can function with free firmware and drivers, but until then, I&apos;m stuck on Mint.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> could not be updated today due to technical difficulties.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		The cracks in my mind are widening.
		It&apos;s at the point that yesterday and today, I kept thinking that Alex is unstable, as if Alex was someone other than myself.
		I felt that Alex was some alternate personality that I share a mind with, but they&apos;re not.
		I am Alex.
		I am not stable.
	</p>
	<p>
		Having accepted this fact, I seem to be more stable now.
		I&apos;m not sure if accepting my current state helped bring the pieces together or if I&apos;m simply not on the side of instability that involves despair at the moment.
		I found myself daydreaming about waking up with my lover on the morning after our wedding.
		After I realised I was doing it again, I tried an experiment.
		I tried thinking about the fact that I&apos;m going to die alone and never find love.
		Nothing.
		It didn&apos;t even put a dent in my positive mood.
	</p>
	<p>
		I noticed too that <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> seems to no longer exist as a separate entity within me.
		He&apos;s not a part of the whole, as he should be.
		That got me thinking though.
		It&apos;s clear my mind can be sectioned into pieces.
		I&apos;ve decided to name the part of me that finds despair in my likely inability to find love, because with a name comes power.
		If this part of me acts up again, I can now address it by name and try to make it see reason.
		I&apos;ve named it Lexa.
		If I can talk reason into it, everything should be fine.
		If not, I&apos;ll try to use the name to section that part of me off and quarantine it.
		Cutting a section of my personality away isn&apos;t healthy, but spending my life in despair isn&apos;t either.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

