<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>morgan &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><code>morgan</code></h1>
			<p>Day 00855: Sunday, 2017 July 09</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I tried to cheat the warranty seal.
		I was desperate to get my files so I could continue my tasks, including my coursework.
		I ended up damaging the seal though.
		It was one of those ones designed to be tamper-evident.
		With the warranty void now anyway, I completely removed the seal so I could try to salvage my files.
	</p>
	<p>
		My old system booted up in the new machine with no problem, and I was able to rescue all my old files.
		I need to get back in the habit of regular backups.
		However, the Wi-Fi card wasn&apos;t compatible with Debian.
		I needed to swap that out.
		The time has come to give up on my old ThinkPad, a machine I&apos;ve been keeping around and intact in case I can one day find a way to get it to stop overheating.
		There comes a time when you have to realise you&apos;ll never get back to something though, so I dismantled the thing for parts.
		The Wi-Fi card of <a href="/en/domains/thinkpad-x60s.local.xhtml">the old X60s</a> had only two connector pins though, while the new T61 has three connector wires.
		I dismantled <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newly-broken machine</a> to take its Wi-Fi card, but again, only two pins.
		The pin placements on the X60s&apos;s card are too far to reach with the new machine&apos;s short wires, but I tried out the newly-broken machine&apos;s Wi-Fi card.
		Despite not being fully connected, it seems to work with the live system!
		That third wire is probably some sort of ground wire or something.
	</p>
	<p>
		Not wanting to screw things up, I decided not to use the hard drive that came with the machine.
		If anything went wrong, I&apos;d be able to switch back to that Mint system, which would be partly usable.
		Instead, I used the old X60s&apos; larger hard drive.
		Everything seems to be working now, but getting the machine set up was an all-day affair.
		I always underestimate how long it takes to get a new system up and running.
		I didn&apos;t have time to get any coursework done whatsoever.
		I should be able to make progress tomorrow though, as <a href="/en/domains/morgan.local.xhtml"><code>morgan</code></a> is now mostly set up.
		I still don&apos;t have <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> configured though, so I wasn&apos;t able to sign my canary today.
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems too that certbot isn&apos;t actually available in Debian 9.
		Thankfully, I found a website that acts as a <a href="https://gethttpsforfree.com/">Let&apos;s Encrypt client</a>, so I can still get the certificate I need.
		There was no point waiting to get it though, I could&apos;ve used this website before.
	</p>
	<p>
		I noticed today that the key box on my doorknob is gone.
		I wonder when that got removed.
		It no longer looks like the place is vacant, I guess, so I might as well start making the place look more like home.
		I&apos;ve been considering doing that rescently anyway.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> could not be updated today due to technical difficulties.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		Thinking back, it&apos;s no wonder I&apos;m gay.
		I&apos;ve always been more the type to play a supporting role than one to lead the way.
		The stereotypical masculine role is one of leadership.
		I can do a mutual partnership, but I don&apos;t think I&apos;d want to be a leader with a supporter.
		My place it so support my man, though I could use some support probably in return.
		With a cis-gendered woman, I&apos;d likely be expected to be the leader that I&apos;m not.
		If I end up with a cis-gendered gay man, I&apos;ll be able to take on the supporting role or we can be equals.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m noticing something else, but due to the clear instability of my self-perception, I&apos;d rather wait to talk about it until after the pride event.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I toyed with the idea of trying to get my next two work shifts covered.
		On the one hand, I&apos;ve now lost a total of four days this week, three to computer downtime and one to having needed to catch up from a couple weeks prior.
		I desperately need to catch up for the week.
		On the other hand, getting my shifts covered will cut my pay cheque.
		What finally pushed me over the edge was that this&apos;d be a chance to assert my needs to someone.
		I really, <strong>*really*</strong> need practice doing that, as I&apos;ve had to specifically train myself <strong>*not*</strong> to do that over the years because my mother would always get wiggy when I told her I needed anything at all.
		I tried to get the shifts covered, but the head manager was very specific about who could cover what shift.
		Apperently, I was placed in a couple key shifts that not everyone there can cover.
		Despite my rescent mental breakdowns, I&apos;m actually one of the more-competent people there, not to mention that I&apos;ve been there a while and have all the necessary training.
		I had someone willing to cover shifts, but they weren&apos;t on the approved list.
		I was able to get one of the two shifts covered, but wasn&apos;t able to reach the other employee the head manager had selected to cover the second shift.
		I lost today to system setup, but I still have my other day off.
		Now that i have two days, maybe I can catch up.
		It&apos;s going to be a two-day cram session for sure though.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

