<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m not a future transexual after all &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m not a future transexual after all</h1>
			<p>Day 00858: Wednesday, 2017 July 12</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My vision&apos;s obviously still blurry from the scratch on my eye, but at least my eye doesn&apos;t hurt any more.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m experimenting with a new option in Web hosting.
		It&apos;s ... not ideal, to say the least.
		However, Ellenor having offered me Web hosting puts me in an awkward position.
		If she comes through, I should have my Web address on my business cards.
		If I don&apos;t have a host after all, my Web address should be omitted.
		I either can&apos;t order business cards until she comes through or it&apos;s the last minute, whichever comes first, or I have to make a guess as to what will happen.
		If I guess incorrectly that she won&apos;t come through ... that&apos;ll be awkward.
		If I guess incorrectly that she <strong>*will*</strong> ... my business cards will have incorrect information.
		I&apos;ve now gotten something set up on Github.
		It seems that Github offers website hosting, but only if the pages are static.
		I&apos;ve been compiling my website into static pages since before <a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">the beginning</a>, so that won&apos;t be an issue.
	</p>
	<p>
		Ellenor&apos;s solution is still the better one on multiple levels.
		The obvious advantage is that it doesn&apos;t involve working with Github.
		Additionally, it would involve a certificate that&apos;s actually made out to my domain, while the Github option causes a certificate mismatch error to be thrown by the Web browser.
	</p>
	<p>
		Chase sent me an email addressing my by my birth name and informing me they&apos;ve mailed my new card.
		In other words, they mailed me another card with my birth name, but until I have it in-hand, I can&apos;t prove that, so I have to stay silent.
		Once it arrives, I&apos;ll tell them off again.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		My mother claims to have a sort of telepathy with her partner, and that it even reaches across great distances.
		First off, I think my mother&apos;s nuts.
		However, what if she isn&apos;t?
		I mean, she <strong>*is*</strong> nuts, but what if she&apos;s not nuts in this regard?
		And if not, is it something I&apos;ve inherited?
		If I find a man to love, will I too be able to know what he&apos;s thinking when we&apos;re apart?
	</p>
	<p>
		I was thinking about my past today, and I realised that as a child, I enjoyed rainbow tie-die shirts.
		Was that an early sign of my gayness?
		I also collected very feminine art that often involved rainbows and other colourful things.
		I think much of it involved ocean creatures and the moon, but that&apos;s not overly relevant right now.
		Lastly, I collected stickers from a company known for their rainbow colours and mythical beasts such as unicorns.
		I may have been showing signs very early on, but no one seemed to think anything of them.
	</p>
	<p>
		I knew last time when I panicked and had to calm myself down about the possibility that I was supposed to be a transexual that I hadn&apos;t reached the end of the internal debate.
		I&apos;d only reached a milestone.
		Today at work, the thought popped into my head again.
		I&apos;ve been dealing with testicular issues lately.
		From the sound of what I&apos;ve read online, it doesn&apos;t sound like it&apos;s too serious as long as I find and deal with the cause right away and don&apos;t put it off.
		There are two likely causes, and for each, there is a manageable solution.
		At the moment, I&apos;m just trying to figure out which the problem is, and after today, I&apos;m fairly certain I&apos;ve figured it out.
		In any case, a thought found its way into my head: if I was a transexual, I wouldn&apos;t have to deal with this.
		I wouldn&apos;t even have testicles!
		I&apos;ve never really had any attachment to my sex organs, likely because I never planned to even use them.
		I&apos;m probably one of the few men in the world that has never taken a tape measure to his groin out of curiosity.
		I&apos;ve also always thought that testicles do nothing but get in the way.
		So anyway, I started thinking today about what it would be like to have female parts instead of male ones.
		I&apos;ve come to a more-solid affirmation of the same conclusion I came to before: I shouldn&apos;t get and shouldn&apos;t have gotten genital reconstruction surgery.
		Vaginal sex just doesn&apos;t seem like something I have a draw to, even if I get to be the one with the vagina.
		My sex organs are fine the way they are.
		That didn&apos;t eliminate the possibility that I should&apos;ve gotten hormones to become more feminine in appearance though.
	</p>
	<p>
		The hormones and the surgery are two separate processes.
		I didn&apos;t really have a good answer for that one right away.
		While walking home though, I think I found the answer.
		I don&apos;t feel masculine of feminine, but what I do feel, is a need to manage many types of situations myself without help.
		I may want a man in my life now, but I&apos;m not wanting to stick him with the heavy-lifting.
		My male body gives me a bit extra muscle mass without my even trying.
		I&apos;m not sure a feminine body would be as practical for me.
		Aside from the testicles, my bad teeth, and the fact that my skin is far too pale, I&apos;m fairly happy with my body the way it is.
		I can finally put those worrisome thoughts behind me.
		I have complaints about my body, but I think most people do.
		None of them warrant drastic alterations to my shape though.
		I&apos;m just supposed to be a man with no real attachment to concepts of gender, who tries to find another man to live happily ever after with.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

