<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>As long as I don&apos;t want medication and surgery, I don&apos;t have to be a transwoman. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>As long as I don&apos;t want medication and surgery, I don&apos;t have to be a transwoman.</h1>
			<p>Day 00863: <time>Monday, 2017 July 17</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		It appears that Chase updated my name in their records after all!
		Sweet.
	</p>
	<p>
		Cricket Wireless&apos; website has been refusing to process my order.
		They said a representative would get back to me by today, but they never did.
		It&apos;s the final day of my mobile service with T-Mobile, which means it was vital that I cancel my service today.
		There was no other way.
		I ended up going in-person to place the order, and in the process, I ended up having to pay their stupid in-person activation fee.
		This is <strong>*exactly*</strong> why I was trying to place the order online.
		Otherwise, I&apos;d much prefer an in-person sale.
		The business cards have likewise been ordered.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		My hands and face seem to look a bit different to me now.
		My hands seem less chunky, and a bit more dainty (not that I&apos;ve ever had a problem with my hands).
		My face is also no longer ugly.
		It&apos;s like ... these things seem more like they&apos;re my own.
		I think now that my mind is whole, I see my body more as being just me.
		And I&apos;m almost certain my mind is whole now.
		I&apos;ve awakened as me!
		I <strong>*feel*</strong> whole, I feel <strong>*complete*</strong>.
		My man cravings have disappeared entirely.
		I think as I regained my capacity to connect with people, my mind craved a man to complete me, but now, I don&apos;t need that.
		I&apos;m complete on my own.
		I&apos;m certain I still have the capacity to fall in love with a man, but there&apos;s no longer a burning, aching need to do so.
		If it happens, it happens.
		If it doesn&apos;t, it doesn&apos;t.
		A man can&apos;t complete what is no longer broken.
		Either way, I feel wonderful.
	</p>
	<p>
		I talked to my mother today.
		Apparently, my mother asked me in the past if I was gay, but at the time, I must not&apos;ve known.
		I assume I would&apos;ve thought about it, which means I must&apos;ve already been broken at that time, unable to be attracted to anyone.
		Also, it seems while I may or may not have told my mother about thinking I was supposed to be a girl, I did express <strong>*wanting*</strong> to be a girl.
		I guess nothing was done about that though.
		It&apos;s possible after all that I&apos;m a heterosexual transwoman, not a homosexual man.
		I can&apos;t fully rule out the possibility just yet.
		However, I still think there&apos;s enough masculinity in me to make keeping my current body an acceptable choice.
		I certainly have a lot of femininity in me, but I never went through the body horror stage I&apos;ve heard transgendered people do at puberty.
		I&apos;m told the changes their bodies go through, which are normal for their physical sex, horrify and disgust them.
		I don&apos;t recall that ever happening to me.
		I think my feminine half will be just fine, as long as her touch is present in my apparel and mannerisms.
		I don&apos;t think she <strong>*wants*</strong> to be fully-feminine.
		I&apos;m pretty sure I&apos;m only half girl.
		I don&apos;t think she, alone, is complete.
		She needs my masculine half to form a full entity, a complete person.
		I&apos;m split down the middle, and either half alone is a mess.
		Only together, with my halves in sync, can I remain happy.
	</p>
	<p>
		... I&apos;m not fully feminine, am I?
		I mean, I disassemble and reassemble computers.
		I program.
		I like button-up, men&apos;s cut shirts (admittedly with a floral pattern).
		I prefer to do things myself, not get someone to help me.
		I like big pockets, though I guess a lot of women do too.
		They just don&apos;t get them because women&apos;s pants don&apos;t tend to have them.
		I ... just don&apos;t know.
		For now, it makes me happy to think I&apos;m a hodgepodge, so that&apos;s what I&apos;m going with for now.
		If it turns out not to fit me later, so be it.
		Also ... the surgery scares me.
		I&apos;d like to think that if I were really a transwoman, I&apos;d want to be a woman badly enough that I&apos;d be willing to take the risk.
		Instead, I&apos;m very unsure, and leaning away from that option.
	</p>
	<p>
		The nagging fear wouldn&apos;t go away though, and I tried to reach out to a new <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network with a gay channel on it.
		No dice, they maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
		I managed to find a channel for gay geeks on a network I&apos;m already on though.
		I wasn&apos;t really looking for geeks, but I&apos;m pretty sure I&apos;m gay and I&apos;m certain I&apos;m a geek, so it was somewhere I&apos;d fit in.
		I expressed my fear, hoping for advice.
		Do other gay men at some point in their lives want to women?
		I didn&apos;t really get an answer to that one, but the conversation was incredibly helpful in getting me to relax.
		The main conclusion of the conversation: screw gender norms.
		Even if I go full girl in personality and mannerisms (which at the moment, seems highly unlikely), I shouldn&apos;t let society&apos;s view on genders keep me from being the me I want to be.
		If I want to act like a woman but I want nothing to do with surgery, so be it.
		As long as I don&apos;t want medication and surgery, I don&apos;t have to be a transwoman.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother tried to get me to move with her too.
		That&apos;s ... not a good idea.
		I was too scared of hurting her, so I didn&apos;t bring up what all she&apos;s done to me and why I can&apos;t go with her.
		If she pushes, I&apos;ll have to let her have it though.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

