<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Continuing to question &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Continuing to question</h1>
			<p>Day 00867: <time>Friday, 2017 July 21</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I forgot to mention yesterday that my new voter registration card arrived in the mail.
		Now I can shred the ones I had under my old name!
		Er, well, I <strong>*could*</strong> shred them if my shredder hadn&apos;t broken down.
		I&apos;ll have to shred them later.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve upped my number of daily sit-ups to thirty.
		I&apos;m still fat, but hopefully if I keep upping the number as I get stronger, I can fix that.
	</p>
	<p>
		The business card company finally confirmed my order.
		I guess they put off processing it or something?
		They say my cards will arrive by post in eight business days.
		Despite their delay in processing my order, it looks like the cards will arrive well within the span of time before the festival, and it&apos;s doubtful I&apos;ll need them before then.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I think ... maybe I was actually supposed to be a transexual.
		As a child, I wanted to be a girl.
		I can&apos;t seem to escape this conclusion.
		At this point though, I don&apos;t really want to bother with a sex swap.
		I don&apos;t think it&apos;s worth it any more, and even if I did, it&apos;s too late for an effective one.
		I&apos;m not what I was meant to be, and I never will be.
		That said, at least for the time being, I&apos;m cool with that.
		As a girl, I&apos;d been a bit of a tomboy, anyway.
		I&apos;m cool with the body I have, as long as I don&apos;t try to artificially bind myself to masculinity any more.
		I <strong>*will*</strong> be girly in some ways and boyish in others.
		It&apos;s just who I&apos;m happy as.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve also been working through my aversion to heterosexual relationships today.
		The thing is, I&apos;ve seen attraction to both sexes, but when I think of genitals or sex, all positivity about my potentially entering into a heterosexual relationship dies away.
		A lot of that is because of fear and distrust.
		I fear accidental pregnancies, and I don&apos;t trust that my partner would necessarily do the right thing and abort, even if that&apos;s what we agreed needed to happen before even engaging in any sexual acts.
		Could I be bisexual?
		To find out for sure, I needed to work through these mental blocks so I could get a clearer picture of who I am.
		I think I managed to get through enough of it today.
		Even assuming a female partner with all my same ideas on the overpopulation problem, it doesn&apos;t feel like enough.
		In a best-case scenario, heterosexual sex seems boring to me, and, while I won&apos;t get into the details, certain homosexual sex acts seem to me like they&apos;d be incredibly fun.
		While it&apos;s a fact that I have trust issues and that some of them relate to accidental pregnancies, I think they&apos;re irrelevant to my sexuality.
		It was just wishful thinking on my part.
		You see, both heterosexuality and homosexuality are very superficial.
		You rule out half the population just based on what&apos;s in their pants.
		I ... don&apos;t like feeling superficial, but I have to admit to myself that that&apos;s exactly what I am.
		A little of my sexuality seems to lie in Xander&apos;s part of my brain, and as a result, I&apos;m having some draw toward women.
		However, most of my sexuality is decidedly in Lexi&apos;s domain.
		She&apos;ll have no part of a relationship with a woman, at least for now.
		It&apos;s said that sexuality is fluid, so this may change in the future, but for now, it&apos;s safe to say that I&apos;m probably not bisexual.
		For all practical purposes, I&apos;m probably 100% gay.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

