<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Never showed up &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Never showed up</h1>
			<p>Day 00868: Saturday, 2017 July 22</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My mother said she&apos;d be coming by today, but she never showed up.
		Oh well, her loss.
		More coursework time for me.
		I still have much to do, but I&apos;m in a comfortable position at the moment.
		I&apos;ve got my two initial discussion posts complete, as well as most of one of the main assignments.
		I still need to do all the reading for one course and half the reading for the other course, but if I stay on task tomorrow, it should be fine.
		I should have the reading, the final discussion posts for one course, and most of the learning journal work done by day&apos;s end tomorrow.
		The other discussion assignment doesn&apos;t have enough participation from others yet for me to complete it, but it might by tomorrow as well, in which case I should finish that up too.
		The main things left to finish the next day will be the two main assignments, if not done already, and and quizzes.
		Oh, yeah, and the grading.
		I can probably finish the grading tomorrow though too.
	</p>
	<p>
		The longer I use <a href=""><code>morgan</code></a>, the more I love the machine.
		It&apos;s got a couple issues.
		For example, sometimes the Wi-Fi card seems to quit working, and I have to power cycle the machine to get connected to the network again.
		That&apos;s a pain.
		But I just discovered that <code>morgan</code> can reboot properly!
		For most people, this isn&apos;t a big deal, but I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve had a machine that properly reboots since before <a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">the incident</a>.
		That was over two years ago!
		Instead, my machines would freeze up when instructed to reboot.
		Like I said before, <code>morgan</code> also sleeps properly, unlike those other machines.
		I mentioned <code>morgan</code>&apos;s newfound slowness in compiling this website, but I think that might&apos;ve been a bad data point.
		I haven&apos;t had slow compilation issues for a while, and it&apos;s possible when it was slow, it&apos;d been when I needed to enter a passphrase to unlock my <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> key.
		The time needed to take user input is added to the compilation time reported.
		<code>morgan</code>&apos;s shell seems to have cracks and blemishes, but on the inside, it&apos;s a reliable, hard worker and gets stuff done.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t remember most of my dream, but I was cooking something on some sort of hot griddle.
		At some point when I was checking on my food, I saw ladybugs all over my food and the griddle.
		They struggled as the heat killed them, so I took a napkin (as not to burn myself by putting my hand too close to the heat) and put it in front of each one, trying to get them to climb off the heat and to safety.
		This plan was successful, but more ladybugs showed up as I was taking the ones I caught outside.
		I&apos;m not sure where they were coming from or why they were drawn to something so deadly hot.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		This week&apos;s <span title="Programming 2">CS 1103</span> assignment requests that we seek a consultation with the professor, then add a new feature of our choosing to the project.
		The project is to take a ready-built image-creation application that adds a text string of the user&apos;s choosing to a solid background, and modify it in certain ways.
		First, it must be modified to allow for multiple strings.
		Next, it must be able to save and load files, not as images, but in a native file format to the editor, which allows for further undos and further adding.
		Lastly, we add our own feature.
		I wrote to the professor with this to say:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			The instructions for this week&apos;s assignment said to seek a consultation with you to discuss what feature to add to DrawTextPanel.java before actually implementing it.
			I&apos;ve got the main part of the project done, and was thinking maybe the new feature to add could be the option to import a background image to use instead of a background colour, where the user specifies what image file they want to import.
			Does that sound like a good idea?
			Should I try to come up with something better?
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<p>
		Honestly, I don&apos;t know what I&apos;m doing or what&apos;s expected of me, so this may or may not even be what is expected of me.
		It took me a few days to come up with this idea, and I was hoping it met the (unlisted) requirements.
		The professor wrote back within twenty minutes:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			Hello Alex,
		</p>
		<p>
			Yes, that is a good idea. Please proceed with that.
		</p>
		<p>
			Best Regards,
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<p>
		(That message is unedited.
		The professor always seems to end their discussion posts, and apparently also their private messages, with &quot;Best Regards,&quot;, but no signature.)
		It looks like that&apos;s part of what I&apos;ll be working on tomorrow then.
		I was worried the professor would take a few days to get back to me.
		I haven&apos;t written to this specific professor before, but some of the others are slow to respond.
		Tomorrow and the next day are my days off, and I feared I&apos;d spend that time finishing the feature without knowing if it&apos;d be acceptable, then finding out later that it wasn&apos;t.
		This professor being so on top of things has eliminated that worry.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

