<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>State-issued ID &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/07-July/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>State-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr></h1>
			<p>Day 00870: <time>Monday, 2017 July 24</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Today started well.
		I woke up in one of my moods in which I think being me for the rest of my life is going to be fun.
		I wasn&apos;t sure exactly who I woke up as, but it became clear fairly quickly.
		In the shower, I had no body dysphoria, and I was singing Shyguy music (some combination of Doctor Who Am I? and One White Lie 3), so I must be Xander today.
		Dressing in stripes and my lanyard instead of a floral print and a necklace seemed to reinforce this.
		I was kind of hoping to be Lexi today because I was feeling so well.
		It&apos;d mean that Lexi is doing better.
		Being Xander made getting some coursework done easier, though he&apos;s not immune to distraction, and spent much of the the day with research on how to make her feel better.
		I&apos;m going to have to get Lexi some nicer clothes, especially shirts.
		She makes do with some floral prints, but they&apos;re not the most feminine prints, and I&apos;d argue they&apos;re somewhat masculine.
		Some hats for Lexi would be nice as well.
		I looked into tucking as well, and so far, my experiments with it have been great.
		It even makes biking more comfortable.
		Thankfully, I&apos;m not particularly well-endowed, so it&apos;s not overly difficult.
		My guess is that this is due to my low testosterone levels.
		I&apos;ll need to look into wearable chest augmentation garments too, and especially vocal exercises.
	</p>
	<p>
		I just learned that <a href="https://www.dmv.com/blog/oregon-becomes-first-state-to-allow-third-gender-option-on-drivers-license-28193-523692">in Oregon, one&apos;s <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> need not specify a sex</a>.
		Last month, the month after my name change was finalised, the Oregon <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> added a third option to their sex category: &quot;X&quot;.
		It looks like switching to either of the binary sexes still requires proof of your sex change from a doctor or something, but choosing &quot;other&quot; on the application is all that&apos;s needed for them to accept that.
		The decision to allow this third category came after an Oregonian went to court and had their sex legally changed to non-binary.
		However, I won&apos;t need a court order to make this change on my own <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
	</p>
	<p>
		I had a strong urge to go in today and get my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> corrected.
		However, I think that would&apos;ve been unwise.
		I can&apos;t simply jump on urges; I need to take the proper time to think about the decision.
		One thing is very clear though: I can&apos;t seek a new job until I either have my new <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> in hand or I decide against changing it.
		At my new workplace, I want to be known as me.
		I&apos;m pretty sure I want this though.
		My feminine side doesn&apos;t want to be labelled as male, even though she is.
		(She&apos;s of the feminine gender, but the male sex, seeing as she&apos;s me and I&apos;m physically male.
		Gender is complex, but sex is about what&apos;s in your pants alone.)
		My masculine side doesn&apos;t mind being listed as &quot;other&quot;, as long as he&apos;s not listed as female.
		Really, I think this&apos;ll boost Lexi&apos;s confidence without causing any harm to Xander.
		And of course, boosting Lexi&apos;s confidence is itself a <strong>*help*</strong> to Xander.
		Xander won&apos;t be dealing with as many cases of Lexi freaking out, wearing me out, then reverting to Xander and leaving <strong>*him*</strong> to deal with the emotional exhaustion.
		It&apos;d be nice to have my new <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> in time for the festival though, so I might make the decision in a bit more of a rush than I normally would. I might get it changed as early as Wednesday.
		I guess that&apos;s only two days away.
		I think though that if Lexi feels less like a man, she&apos;ll feel less trapped and be happier with her body as it is.
		In the back of my head, Lexi kept nagging me to get the <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> update done today.
	</p>
	<p>
		It&apos;s worth noting though that while I very likely will make use of this option, I feel it&apos;s ... not quite as it should be.
		The marker on one&apos;s <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> doesn&apos;t indicate their gender; it indicates their <strong>*sex*</strong>.
		If the marker were labeled as &quot;gender&quot; instead of &quot;sex&quot;, allowing an &quot;other&quot; would make a lot more sense.
		I guess though, the &quot;X&quot; just means that the sex isn&apos;t listed on the <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
		Still, the mere fact that I changed my legal name to an androgynous one indicates that I don&apos;t feel fully masculine of fully feminine.
		I also spent a lot of time coming to that conclusion, so it isn&apos;t like I haven&apos;t thought about this.
		In all honesty, it&apos;s none of anyone&apos;s business what&apos;s in my pants, so this is still a good option.
		That said, even if I can get good at feminising my appearance when I want to, I&apos;m pretty sure my voice will be a dead giveaway.
	</p>
	<p>
		As Lexi, I sort of shaved my chest yesterday to see what it&apos;d look like.
		Bad idea.
		Now my stubble&apos;s super itchy under my shirt.
		There&apos;s got to be a better method of hair removal.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F07-July%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

