<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>I am stuck here in Coos Bay after all ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I am stuck here in Coos Bay after all ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00300: Friday, 2016 January 01</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today is the day that I change the main weblog index link, which previously pointed to <a href="/en/weblog/2015/"><code>/en/weblog/2015/</code></a>, to now point to <a href="/en/weblog/"><code>/en/weblog/</code></a>.
	This weblog has officially entered multi-year mode.
</p>
<p>
	We spent most of the day working in our mother&apos;s classroom again.
</p>
<p>
	Early today, I learned that the plan was to head to Springfield tomorrow to work on cleaning up our former residence, then Vivian and I would head to Portland while our mother would head back to Coos Bay.
	By the end of the day though, our mother had come up with an excuse to try to get me to come back to Coos Bay.
	She said that I should help Cyrus with a Boy Scout project that he is going to be working on soon.
	Until today, I have not been kept in the loop about the project and had not even been told what the project is, but now I find myself volunteered for his clothing drive.
	I do not even know if he wants help, and I will not be able to speak with him about it until Monday.
	Meanwhile, my window of opportunity closes tomorrow morning, when we head out, as I will need to have packed or not packed to go to Portland for three weeks.
</p>
<p>
	I say that I do not know if he wants help out of my frustration, but surely he could use the help in reality.
</p>
<p>
	Before finding out that I would not be able to escape, I made a few preparations for the trip.
	First, I set the home router to stop using my server for <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	If my server were to go down while I am away, I would not want it to effectively take down the whole network.
	Next, I forwarded a port from <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> so I would be able to update my weblog while away if I did end up having access to the Internet.
	However, because this did not work out, I will set the router to use my <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server again after Vivian is gone.
</p>
<p>
	Having lost hope of getting time away, I once again focused on code.
	I want to catch every error, no matter how small, so it can be fixed.
	Sometimes, error messages are less helpful than they could be though, so I decided to <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/function.set-error-handler.php">build my own error handler</a>.
	This error handler causes even the most minor error to be fatal and always produce a backtrace.
	More major errors cannot be caught by the error handler though, so while they are still fatal, they will not produce a backtrace.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

