<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Does my spider finally work? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Does my spider finally work?</h1>
			<p>Day 00302: Sunday, 2016 January 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Even after over twelve hours, my onion address-crawling spider was not moving on past another certain address.
	I had to give up and abort the spider&apos;s process.
	I had thought that I had written the script to abort each download after an hour of trying, but after further reading, I think that the setting that I used only pertained to the amount of time needed to initiate a server connection.
	Once connected, the server was allowed to cause as long of a hang as it wanted to! I modified the code to use CURLOPT_TIMEOUT instead of CURLOPT_CONNECTTIMEOUT, so now, hopefully the bot will not allow any Web page to cause a hang that lasts longer than an hour.
	When I finally went to bed, it was still running.
	I will check on it in the morning.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">Wowaname</a> has set up an onion address for her clearnet website.
	This got me thinking.
	When I learned that <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> had set aside the <code>//onion.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> for official use by <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, I started linking to onion addresses as I would other addresses.
	However, until today, I have still linked to clearnet addresses ahead of onion addresses when both were available, due to the fact that these addresses can be used by <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users and non-<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users alike.
	I need to stop treating onion addresses as second-class addresses.
	Onion addresses are officially completely legitimate.
	I need to encourage <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> use by linking to onion addresses whenever they are available.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname also removed services from the <a href="https://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion/">Volatile network</a>.
	I think that maybe she realized that she was abusing her power when she was trolling <a href="http://zdasgqu3geo7i7yj.onion/">theunknownman</a>.
	She had been taking advantage of the fact that she runs the network and services, using more force than a regular user is able to, despite the fact that she has always been against people doing such.
</p>
<p>
	People on <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a> were talking about how annoying it was that many users supposedly support <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, but get annoyed at <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users when said <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users are not able to access sites that the non-<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users want to show them.
	These websites are maliciously discriminating against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, yet it is the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users that are made out to be the bad guys.
	In particular, paste sites that participate in such descrimination were mentioned, so I brought up the fact that I had been meaning to build a paste site that runs on an onion address.
	Seeing that, z showed me an existing paste site: <a href="http://ypbnurlwfis7xsei.onion/">Anon PasteBin</a>.
	While I will still use <a href="https://paste.debian.net/">Debian Pastezone</a> whenever I am working in a context that I believe is seen by more clearnet users than <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, if I think that <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> use is the standard in a given context, I will use Anon PasteBin instead now.
	There are two things that I do not like about Anon PasteBin though.
	First, using it requires solving a <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>, unlike Debian Pastezone.
	Second, the default deletion setting is to never delete e given paste, again, unlike Debian Pastezone.
	Anon Pastebin does allow one to set an expiration tome, however.
</p>
<p>
	I went off to work with my mother in her classroom again today.
	On the way there, we stopped at a store, so I picked up the mobile service activation card I needed to begin service on my secondary device.
	Much to my dismay, they charged me an extra dollar for an &quot;E911 tax&quot;.
	First of all, they should have built that into the price.
	Instead of tacking on the tax as an extra charge, they should have just raised the price of the product to cover the tax.
	At least that way, I would know the real price of what I was buying before I bought it.
</p>
<p>
	After we left the store, we spent most of the day working in her classroom.
	While there, I got a couple of leads on jobs though.
	First, one of the teachers said that the school is always in need of aids and that perhaps I could apply.
	She did not know the details of what qualifications I would need in order to become an aid, but it is worth looking into.
	A second teacher  said that she thought that becoming an aid required specific collage courses be taken first.
	She recommended looking for work at a computer repair store run by a couple she trusts though.
	She said that she had no idea if they were hiring though, so there is no guarantee that a job is even available there.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of computer repair, Vanessa and Cyrus returned home today.
	While away, Cyrus made the mistake of letting his friends pressure him into trying to install Skype.
	Somehow, the attempt borked his whole system.
	The most obvious issue was that his display managed was broken.
	He though that he had &quot;uninstalled his <abbr title="graphical user interface">GUI</abbr>&quot;, but the <code>startx</code> command brought Xfce up.
	I found that the <code>lightdm</code> package was still present, but in some sort of half-installed limbo state.
	I could not fully install it though because it required missing dependencies be installed and we could not get the machine to connect to the network, neither via Wi-Fi nor Ethernet.
	I tried to take a look at the network manager, but I found that that too was in some sort of half-installed limbo state and dealing with unresolved dependencies.
	After much struggle, We decided to back up his personal files and reinstall the system from scratch.
	Fixing the current system installation would require a network connection, but acquiring a network connection would require first fixing the system.
	We backed up his files tonight, but we will have to work on reinstalling the system tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I honestly tried to get my <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server set up today, but there simply was not time.
	I uninstalled both <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> and Atheme services, then installed Ratbox.
	That was as far as I got though.
	When I get a chance, I need to configure Ratbox, then look into Ratbox services.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

