<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>This is utter madness &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>This is utter madness</h1>
			<p>Day 00303: Monday, 2016 January 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I awoke this morning expecting to see not that the onion spider had completed its task, but instead, that it had discovered a whole new wave of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s to check out.
	While I am excited to know that it is finding a lot of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s, it has been quite bothersome being unable to see how much further the spider has left to travel.
	I have now added a line of output to each iteration that displays the current time (useful to know how long a page has been hanging), the number of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s that have already been traversed, and the number of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s currently in the queue.
	While the number of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s in the queue is not the same as the number of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s left to traverse, it is the best approximation of it.
	I will be unable to see this new feature in action until the next run of the spider though.
</p>
<p>
	I walked into the local community collage today, as they just got off break.
	A week before break, they said that they would talk to the person I need to schedule an appointment with so I could get an appointment set up, but they never got back to me.
	After getting there, I had to wait in several lines, each time being directed to yet another.
	At one point, I even got sent back to wait in a line that I had already waited in! I discovered that the reason that they had not gotten back to me via email is that before they can help, I have to pay a $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> fee and fill out some paperwork, even if I do not end up taking any classes whatsoever.
	So do they tell me this via email so I can actually know what is going on? No.
	Instead, they just stop responding.
	In fact, because of this, I have missed the first day of the current term, which was today.
	They will still accept registrations until Wednesday, but there is not a discount for the missed days of class; I would be paying for them even though they had caused me to miss them.
	Next term ends in June, and I do not even know if I will still be in this town at that point.
</p>
<p>
	While I was out, I came up with how I want to implement <code>/robots.txt</code> file support.
	Before I could build the class that I need for this <code>/robots.txt</code> file support, I needed to finish the two wrapper classes I started two days ago, in order to keep up my goal of including at least one wrapper class in each library code update.
	Reluctantly, I headed back to the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> manual to research the <a href="https://php.net/manual/en/ref.fbsql.php">FrontBase functions</a>, but on the way, I found that <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/reserved.other-reserved-words.php"><abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> 7 reserves several new words</a>.
	It seems pretty obvious what most of these words are being reserved for.
	These words will probably be used for type hinting! This will be awesome.
	Right now, only three types of type hints can be used.
	You can specify that the parameter is supposed to be an array, supposed to be callable, or supposed to be an object of a class of your choosing.
	If you want to accept, for example, an integer as an argument, you must also accept, for example, a string.
	The three new reserved words that are somewhat odd are <code>true</code>, <code>false</code>, and <code>null</code>.
	The only use for these that i can think of is the same thing that they are used for now.
	They act as strange constants that are automatically defined in every name space.
	I do not see what function they would be used for outside of this.
	Perhaps this bizarre type of constant is to be removed in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> 7, so reserved words are needed to perform the function that the bizarre constants once did.
	I finished work on the wrapper classes, but I had no time to work on the <code>/robots.txt</code> file support class.
	I should probably get the MySQL wrapper class finished as well before I continue work on the spider.
	The next time that the spider is run, it should be both respecting <code>/robots.txt</code> files and saving to an actual database.
</p>
<p>
	I tried setting up Ratbox, but I could not get it started.
	It kept silently dying during startup.
	No error messages were displayed on the commend line and I could not find any relevant lined in the system log.
	I eventually had to give up, being unable to reach the main Ratbox support group and being unable to find another Ratbox support group.
	I think that I will quit trying to get an <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server set up for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	My mother continues to push that I try to get enrolled this term, despite my feelings against it.
	First of all, I will miss the beginning of class and still have to pay for it.
	But more importantly, as I already told her, I should finish paying off my school loans, save up to go back to school, <strong>*then*</strong> go back to school.
	I should <strong>*not*</strong> go back to school while still in debt, requiring even more loans to do so and sinking further into debt.
	She insists that I telephone the school tomorrow for more information, again, disregarding the fact that I absolutely hate working with telephones.
	I refuse to do it.
	The way I see it, she has her choice of two options.
	She can either choose how a task is completed by completing it herself, or she can choose to delegate the task, at which point the one she delegates to is free to complete the task in the manor of his/her choosing.
	I have emailed the school tonight to ask for the information, but as they do not seem to answer emails and time is short, I will also walk back into the school tomorrow.
	I have also written to my old school and asked about how to get an official copy of my transcript sent to the school and an unofficial copy downloaded for reference in the mean time.
	I have no way to know if they will send the unofficial copy in time to make a reasonable decision as far as choosing classes is concerned, but I doubt that they will.
	Likewise, there is no time to get financial aid, and assuming all my credits are good toward a degree, there is no room for me to take extra courses without them being pointless wastes of money.
	In theory, I am only one course away from the associate degree that they can provide.
	This is utter madness.
	My mother is mad.
</p>
<p>
	I chanced upon a <a href="https://jlve2y45zacpbz6s.onion/"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> node status website</a> in my continuing onion spider output on the command line.
	It was pretty easy to find <a href="https://jlve2y45zacpbz6s.onion/router_detail.php?FP=b1f43963417031f4f43d2eb7d62d148f9dacf5ef">my node</a> as well.
	When I went to bed, the spider seemed to be about halfway through the wave of onion addresses that it began yesterday, assuming that most of the addresses in memory are as alphabetically organized as they appear to be.
	I estimate that it will finish with this wave in two days, though there may be another wave coming after that.
	I believe though that the onion addresses it has in memory are mostly-alphabetized not due to my sorting (which does not occur until the end of its process) but due to it having read <a href="http://skunksworkedp2cg.onion/">Harry71&apos;s alphabetized onion list</a>.
	The first real wave of onion addresses came from a reading of his list, after which, each of his listed onions was queried, but only for the page that he linked to: the main index page.
	During this first wave, the spider built up a bigger address list by reading all the hyperlinks on those index pages.
	This bigger list is the second wave of queries, and I assume that most of it is composed of the index pages linking to other pages on the sites that they represent.
	Because most of the links are internal, the spider&apos;s address queue remained mostly-alphabetical.
	I can only assume though that the index pages do not link to every page within the sites, so more waves are likely to arrive.
	I have no idea how many and I have no idea when this spider will finally complete its task.
	It would be very helpful to be able to use the new progress-reporting feature I added today, but that would involve halting the spider and completely erasing the progress that it has made already.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

