<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>/robots.txt file support is needed before I can continue &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><code>/robots.txt</code> file support is needed before I can continue</h1>
			<p>Day 00304: Tuesday, 2016 January 05</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I awoke this morning to two surprises.
	First, the community college had written back to me.
	However, they only wrote back one sentence, a sentence telling me that I had to telephone a particular department of the school for information.
	I wrote back that I do not have telephone service, and asked if there is an email address that I can reach that department at, though I could not depend on them to get back to me by the time my mother gets home, nor could I depend on their next response to bring answers.
	I have to walk into the school as planned.
	I only really wrote back in order to hopefully get them to think about the fact that not everyone has telephone service.
	If someone writes in via email, throwing telephone numbers at them just is not very nice.
	Likewise, if someone were to telephone in, throwing email addresses at them would not be very nice.
	It did pay off to write back though.
	Before heading out, they sent the email address that I needed.
	I wrote to the department that I needed information from, but again, I could not depend on a timely reply, so I headed out.
	I did receive an automated reply to them though, saying that they would respond within three business days, which would be far too late.
	At least the department that I have to contact is one that I had to deal with in-person yesterday.
	I know exactly where they are.
</p>
<p>
	The second surprise that I awoke to was that my onion spider had completed the wave of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s that it had been working on and had started working on the next.
	The most recent output from the spider seemed to be from a forum, so I decided to check it out.
	As it turns out, <a href="https://344c6kbnjnljjzlz.onion/">VFEmail</a> has their own onion address! I knew that they did not deliberately block or hinder <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, which is why I use their service for my secondary inbox.
	However, it seems that this is a conscious decision to support <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> use, not just a simple lack of malice toward <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
	If you expect to stay on the onion though, you need to be aware that some of the hyperlinks there, such as the main link to the forum, use full <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s, causing them to point to the clearnet forum address from both the clearnet and onion domains.
	Furthermore, according to their <a href="https://344c6kbnjnljjzlz.onion/privacyandsecurity.php">privacy and security</a> page, they actively recommend using both <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> and <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> when sending and receiving emails.
</p>
<p>
	The people at the school informed me that the discount my mother wants information on is only available to to educators working at the community college, not educators working in any school anywhere.
	I also wrote to my old school again trying to get a copy of my transcript so I can have some idea of what courses I need in order to finish my degree at the local community college.
	THere is only one course that I know for sure that I am in need of.
</p>
<p>
	While I was at the school, I saw a strange and faded flier.
	It was one of those ones with the strips cut in the bottom so that you could take someone&apos;s contact information, but the main body of the flier said to take what you need and the strips at the bottom had various things that someone may need emotionally, such as &quot;a hug&quot;, &quot;happiness&quot;, and &quot;love&quot;.
	I looked through the remaining ones, doubting that there was one I would feel was worth taking, but it turns out that there was one for me after all: &quot;freedom&quot;.
	I do not know what I will do with the strip, but I found it reassuring that the person designing the flier felt that someone would be in need of freedom.
	But why was this flier put up in the first place?
</p>
<p>
	When I got home, I found that the onion spider was working with a website that <a href="http://52wdeibt3ivmcapq.onion/">liberates copyrighted works that are behind pay walls</a>.
	While this does not nullify the copyrights, so this work cannot be reused, at least those required to read it by their schools and such may not have to pay such immoral hoarders of information if they find this site.
</p>
<p>
	I found a package in the Debian repository that contains the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> documentation.
	I replaced the copy that I had downloaded from the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> website with this package, but it seems that this version of the documentation is missing all of the hyperlinks in the resource types section.
	The copy downloadable from the main <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> website is easier to navigate.
</p>
<p>
	I considered converting my wrapper classes into traits.
	This would allow a class to leverage multiple resource types.
	For example, I could have my <code>/robots.txt</code>-handling class implement features from both the MySQL wrapper class and the <abbr title="Client for URLs/Client URL Request Library/Curl URL Request Library">cURL</abbr> wrapper class.
	That way, it could store and read data in and from a MySQL database, so it would not need to redownload <code>/robots.txt</code> files that it had already worked with on a previous <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> if those <code>/robots.txt</code> had been retrieved within a set period of time, while also being able to retrieve <code>/robots.txt</code> files that were stale or had not yet been retrieved.
	However, traits cannot be directly instantiated.
	The wrapper classes should not require extension before use.
</p>
<p>
	I looked into building a MySQL wrapper class so I could continue work on my spider.
	However, it seems that the <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/class.mysqli.php">modern MySQL <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr></a> is already object-oriented like it should be.
	I might refrain from building a wrapper class for the <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/book.mysql.php">old MySQL <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr></a> due to the fact that it <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/mysql.php">has been removed from <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> 7</a>.
	If I take the time to build it, I will just need to delete it later when Debian Stable upgrades to <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> 7.
</p>
<p>
	I chanced upon a website that distributes books, though I am not sure if it is legal or not.
	The reason that they exist though is because <a href="http://c3jembnkdnbcdniu.onion/?function=about">common ebooks are too restrictive</a>.
	The website administrator could not find ebooks that were not both encumbered by <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr> and more expensive than paper books, so he/she set up a website in which such books were available.
</p>
<p>
	When I finally got to speak with my mother about the information I had about the community college, I was able to push things into my favor a bit.
	I first explained the fact that the school had said that the educator discount does not apply to her.
	I am hoping that she realizes that this means that the extreme rush that she is putting on this is unwarranted, even if she cannot see the fact that it is counterproductive.
	I next explained that my old school still has not gotten back to me about my transcript.
	I cannot be sure of what courses I need until I have it.
	Finally, I showed her the degree program information page that I had picked up at the school yesterday.
	On the page, it looks like the one course that I know I need is not available to take this term.
	The only course that I know is actually necessary must wait until next term.
	I do not think that she has processed all of this enough to stop the push altogether, but she did start focusing on next term instead of this one, which gives me some room to breath and some time to prepare.
</p>
<p>
	I started work on the spider again, but quickly found that I have not done enough planning yet, so I cannot set up my two tables.
	One table will be for Web page information found by the spider.
	I am not too worried about getting this table wrong at first, as the spider will start with a simple table and simple features, then expand its capabilities and need a table with more fields.
	Of more concern to me is the table used to store <code>/robots.txt</code> information.
	This table will need to store information from <code>/robots.txt</code> files in a usable way.
	I cannot really continue until the table layout is figured out.
	The spider&apos;s code is currently in a broken state and unusable.
	I will work on planning the <code>/robots.txt</code> file database more tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

