<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>The \gnupg class &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The <code>\gnupg</code> class</h1>
			<p>Day 00319: Wednesday, 2016 January 20</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My old school got back to me, so now I can get into my old account.
	I went through my account to update my email address and remove the telephone number from the account, however, it seems that they do not even allow one to update one&apos;s telephone number.
	I had forgotten about that.
	Back when I attended that school, I had changed my telephone number partway through, but I had been unable to update my telephone number on the account.
	Their system is pretty stupid, really.
	I had also forgotten how slow their website is.
	It majorly slows down the whole Web browser.
	In any case, I will walk into the local community college tomorrow, fill out their paperwork, and pay their fee.
	Once home from there, I will pay my old school to send the community college a copy of my transcript.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/">Marc With a C</a> is having troubles with PayPal lately.
	I am not the only one that PayPal torments! For Marc though, PayPal is <a href="https://twitter.com/MarcFi/status/689644415414091776">charging strange amounts for shipping</a> if his customers order on a mobile device.
	Apparently, <a href="https://twitter.com/MarcFi/status/689719620937334784">PayPal is charging some mobile users $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for shipping</a>.
	PayPal is horrid.
	I really hope that Bandcamp starts offering a non-PayPal method of payment.
	If and when they add a second payment option, I will hopefully be able to quit using PayPal&apos;s services forever.
</p>
<p>
	I had a chat with a representative of my carrier about getting my carrier-provided device unlocked today.
	I do not typically use that device, as it is too locked down for daily use, but it is useful for experimentation.
	The carrier refused to unlock the device, stating that I needed to wait one more month.
	In all honestly, I was in fact trying to get it unlocked a month early.
	With some carefully-chosen words though, I managed to get the representative to agree to unlock my device a single day early.
	She said that she made a note of that on my account, so if I contact support a day early, I can get it unlocked.
</p>
<p>
	I looked into what is necessary to implement Sitemap support in my spider.
	As it turns out, not a whole lot is needed.
	The <a href="http://www.sitemaps.org/protocol.html">Sitemap protocol</a> defines two types of <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> files, Sitemaps and Sitemap indexes.
	Both of these use <code>&lt;loc/&gt;</code> tags to tell a crawler about other files on the website.
	All I had to do was copy the code that handles <code>&lt;a/&gt;</code> tags and modify it slightly to use <code>&lt;loc/&gt;</code> tags instead.
	My implementation causes the spider to look for both <code>&lt;a/&gt;</code> tags and <code>&lt;loc/&gt;</code> tags on both webpages and Sitemaps alike, but that should be fine.
	In theory, Sitemaps do not contain <code>&lt;a/&gt;</code> tags and webpages do not contain <code>&lt;loc/&gt;</code> tags.
	In practice, most Web developers fail to adhere to standards, but I am building the spider to accept whatever input that it is able to understand.
	As much as I value standards, I am not going to try to penalize sites for not adhering to them.
</p>
<p>
	I finished processing my email.
	I need to stop allowing myself to fall behind.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus told our mother that he is giving up on his Boy Scout project.
	This really set her off.
	She told Cyrus off for quite a while.
	She said that Cyrus aught to go live with our father, but was also pressuring him to cut all ties with our father.
	She says that she is not kicking him out, though he thought that she was at first.
	Partway through telling off Cyrus, she offered to allow me to go to Portland with Alyssa for a bit, but given the context, it feels like a trap to me.
	Just before, she was claiming that we do not care about her.
	I need to tread carefully.
	Most likely, the &quot;correct&quot; option is to not go.
</p>
<p>
	I set up the wrapper class for the <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/ref.gnupg.php">gnupg_*() functions</a>, as I actually do use those function.
	I must say though that it is nice not having to build wrapper classes that I do not use though.
	However, after building this class, <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> started claiming that the <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/function.gnupg-init.php"><code>\gnupg_init()</code> function</a> does not exist.
	Strangely enough, whenever my class is defined, the function does not seem to exist, but whenever my class does not exist, the function does.
	Trying several things, I eventually moved my class into the root namespace for more testing, and I found that I could not &quot;redeclare&quot; the <code>\gnupg</code> class.
	It turns out that the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> Privacy Guard extension defines its own undocumented class! This still does not explain the errors about the function &quot;not existing&quot;, but I deleted my class and now everything works as expected.
	I started to post a note in the <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> documentation, but after reading the page that they ask all users to read before posting, I found that they prefer that such things not be posted as notes.
	Instead, they want bug reports filed, so I filed a <a href="https://bugs.php.net/bug.php?id=71424">bug report</a> instead.
</p>
<p>
	Our cat has been a bit sluggish lately, and we can tell that she is not feeling well.
	We had assumed that she is simply a bit sick and will recover, but my mother has proposed another theory: perhaps she is dying.
	She has gotten old, and she might not have much time left.
	Even if she is not quite at death&apos;s door, older cats start to lose their energy and become more sedentary.
	According to Wikipedia, <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cat#Health">cats tend to live about twelve to fifteen years</a>, and she is twelve years old.
	Another possibility is that she is in fact just sick, but that she picked up the disease because we visited that cat shelter and brought something home.
	We all tried to wash up thoroughly, before going anywhere near her, but one of us may not have washed up as well as we should have.
	As odd as it is to say, I think that I will be fine if the cat passes away.
	I know that everything dies, and unlike most people, I feel that when something dies, everything that they once were is gone.
	I do not mean this in just a souls-are-a-myth way, but also that it does not matter how long you live if you still have to die.
	Death, to me, causes life to have no value.
	I do want the cat to continue living and get better because I like her and like having her around, but more than that, I want her to get continue living and get better because I think that the other members of the family will have less guilt on their minds that way.
	There will be less chance of them thinking that perhaps they killed the cat and that things would be different if they had only made sure to clean themselves more thoroughly.
	I suppose that makes me a bit cold, but I do not know any other way to feel; death is unavoidable.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

