<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Buĉita &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Buĉita</h1>
			<p>Day 00320: <time>Thursday, 2016 January 21</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Late last night, I started making adjustments to the organization scheme of my music files to better integrate the music I bought on <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/merch/64gb-usb-drive-sale-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a>.
	This morning, I found that my Web spider keeps dying without an error message, but due to the fact that I had already started reorganizing files, I was not able to put much time into debugging.
	I hate having my files in an awkward state between two organizations schemes, as it makes my files practically unusable.
	I tried running the spider again a couple more times, but it always ended up terminating itself without any error messages from my code or from <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>.
	I finally tried running the spider directly instead of running it through nohup, and when the spider got to the file in onion space that always caused it to terminate, the command line presented a single-word message: &quot;Buĉita&quot;, which Wiktionary says is the <a href="https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/bu%C4%89ita">past tense</a> form of the Esperanto word meaning <a href="https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/bu%C4%89i#Esperanto">to slaughter</a>.
	Clearly, bash was simply telling me that the process had been killed.
	Between the fact that I needed to finish organizing files and the fact that I had other errands to run today, I was unable to spend any more time debugging.
	Tomorrow, if I have time, I will add some line-by-line output to the spider to find the exact like that is choking on that file.
</p>
<p>
	When I was at the local community college the other day, I was told that I could fill out their application for enrollment either online or in person.
	I was also told that either way, I could pay in-person if I wanted to.
	To fill out the application online but pay in-person, I was told to fill out the application first, then come in to pay and tell the teller that I had filled out the application online.
	I had planned to fill out the application in person when paying, but today before I left for the school, I had a passing thought: If I tried to fill out the form online but the form would not allow me to submit without including a telephone number, I would have a chance to bring it up with the teller when I went in in hopes of getting that fixed.
	People have a right to not have telephone service if they do not want it, without stupid barriers such as forms not allowing submission, so if I can help move things in the right direction, I should do that.
	With that in mind, I filled out the form online, but much to my surprise, the telephone number was optional.
	The section for providing an emergency contact also allowed the telephone number field to remain blank, so I provided only an email address.
	However, on completion of the form, no option to postpone payment was given.
	The only option was to pay by credit card online.
	I hit the &quot;cancel&quot; link, which I thought would cancel the entire form submission, but that caused the website to say that the form was submitted successfully.
	I figured that once I got to the school, they would know whether or not the form actually had submitted my information, so I headed out.
</p>
<p>
	I stopped at Banner Bank to withdraw the money that I needed to pay the school, and as usual, I withdrew it in one-dollar bills.
	The teller asked if that helped me make my money last longer, so I explained that I do it because I stamp my money.
	More bills means more stamps.
	Much to my dismay, the teller explained that Banner Bank sends stamped money back to the government to be destroyed, including money stamped with the common &quot;where is George&quot; stamps.
	This is not going to work well for me.
	I might switch banks when I get a chance.
</p>
<p>
	Because I was already in the area, I also payed my mobile bill.
	The cashier offered to send me a receipt by email, so I happily handed over my email address.
	However, the system would not accept my email address, likely either because my email address does not end in &quot;.com&quot; or because of the single-character label in the domain.
	Some system-builders use such idiotic methods of validating an email address.
</p>
<p>
	Once at the local community college, I was informed that they do not actually have any way to know if my information was sent to them.
	Until I paid the fee, there was no chance of anyone looking for my information, and after paying the fee, I have to wait until a particular employee with more access to the system to take a look.
	They said that I should receive a letter of approval by postal mail in about a week.
	If I do not, I will walk back in and see what they have to say about it.
</p>
<p>
	After returning home, I got to work ordering transcripts from my old school.
	Their site was having issues though, so I tried to get help from one of their live chat representatives.
	However, the representative refused to help me because he did not like my operating system.
	But this was a website.
	What operating system I use makes no difference! I tried back a little later though, and someone had fixed the website.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus&apos; Boy Scout project has now been approved, and it seems that he is now un-giving up, at least for now.
	He has little time left, but we will be working on organizing media at the local library tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	Marc has shipped my order of <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/unicorns-get-more-bacon">Unicorns Get More Bacon</a>, so I will be keeping an eye out for that.
	If the United States Postal Service did not maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, I would be able to track the order, but unfortunately, they do.
	I am curious to see what bonus he threw in, but being paranoid, I fear that he did not throw it in as I chose a <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> instead of a vinyl record.
	His message was not specific though.
	It says <q>Order a physical edition of the album and get a download of the whole record sent to your email box (if it&apos;s different from the email associated with your PayPal account, PLEASE SPECIFY WHERE YOU WANT THE DOWNLOAD TO BE SENT!) within 24 hours! You might end up with a bonus item, because I&apos;m pretty good at taking care of early adopters.
	My track record speaks for itself.
	Thank you, and please tell everyone you know about this album!</q> If I were not so paranoid, I would know very well that he said &quot;physical&quot;, not &quot;vinyl&quot;.
	I would also know that Marc is the kind of person that does things just to make fans happy.
	I am worrying over nothing, but still, I must worry.
	Even if I get no bonus though, the music I already have from this purchase is surely worth it.
	I have only heard the opening track, but the digital download did come with eleven other tracks that I can listen to when I get the chance.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of music, I finished organizing my music files, but I used the <code>mv</code> command from the shell a few times without thinking, and some of my files have the same names, just in different directories.
	I may have overwritten some of my files.
	At some point, I am going to need to delete all the files from my music library and copy my ZIP files back out of my archive.
	Re-extracting them, I can be sure that I have not lost anything.
	I might change my naming scheme a bit too to make future reorganizing easier.
	If none of my music files have the same name, I can simply drag and drop them, or even use <code>mv</code> without worry.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

