<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Disaster relief first responders &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Disaster relief first responders</h1>
			<p>Day 00329: Saturday, 2016 January 30</p>
		</header>
<p>
	A couple people on Twitter were trying riled up in a frenzy about <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a>, who had apparently banned them from her channel.
	It all seemed well and good, seeing as wowaname does have a tendency to actively try to piss people off.
	However, they started attacking her claiming that she is not a woman and that she is having an identity crisis.
	Being transgendered is <strong>*not*</strong> the same thing as having an identity crisis.
	In an identity crisis, one cannot figure out who they are, and is having to search.
	On the other hand, transgendered people know who they are, society just tries to define these peopel differently than they define themselves.
	If they want to fight with wowaname, that is one thing.
	She brings it on herself.
	However, it is not okay to attack the transgendered community in the process with such claims.
</p>
<p>
	Between several things that have been happening, I think that I have decided to try setting up an <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server again.
	I will probably use the the <a href="apt:ngircd"><abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr></a> package that I like and that I can get working without issues, then use a non-packaged services package that I would rather not use, but which would fulfill my obligation to keep channels somewhat under the control of the channel owners.
</p>
<p>
	Later during the day, my mother and I pretended to be victims for a group of disaster relief first responders.
	We ran through an earthquake/tsunami scenario, after which, the first response team went over what they did right and what they did wrong.
	After that, we did it again, this time with improvements.
	The first response team said that anyone could join their team, but mentioned an icky part.
	They require a copy of your photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> and Social Security card.
	They have no business having that.
	They are asking for volunteers.
	They have no right to demand that volunteers submit to identity verification.
	My mother asked thought that I might be interested, but when she asked and I declined, she knew exactly why without me having said anything.
	She was frustrated that I was concerned with giving out identifying documents.
	She claims that I am causing myself to miss out on things this way, but she does not seem to understand.
	I think that next time that she makes such a comment, I will provide an example that might get my point across.
	If she had to smear dog feces all on her face to join the team, she no doubt would want to join.
	I am the same way with identification documents.
	I am the same way with non-vegan food.
	And I am the same way with nonfree software and music.
	Yes, I am cutting myself off from things, but I am cutting myself off from things that I do not want in the first place.
	She cuts herself off from music and foods that she does not like as well.
</p>
<p>
	Tomorrow, my mother and I might be going to some sort of trivia challenge at a bowling ally, though I do not know the details of it.
	It seems that we will not be headed to Springfield tomorrow though, whether we attend the trivia challenge or not.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname built a script for WeeChat a while back called <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/files/software/embellish.py">embellish.py</a>.
	This script is used to add fun colors and border characters to your text when typing on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>.
	Many people on <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>.
	I finally started using it myself now.
	Wowaname even added a new feature for me: a channel whitelist.
	Previously, people have been using the script mostly everywhere, the blacklisting channels run by people that are bothered by it.
	The new whitelist allows me to use it only on the Volatile network though.
	I can have off be the default state of the script, and have it turned on only on channels that I know that people will not mind it on in.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

