<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>Ridiculous and hypocritical &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/01-January/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/01-January/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/02-February/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Ridiculous and hypocritical</h1>
			<p>Day 00330: Sunday, 2016 January 31</p>
		</header>
<p>
	It is in great sadness that I take my leave from <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr>.
	For a time, I will be secluding myself.
	I could be back tomorrow, or I could be back a year from now.
	I simply do not know.
	I will likely also be removing myself from any trivial online activity.
	I simply do not have the time and energy to spare right now.
	I have taken my canary down as well, and now I take my leave.
</p>
<p>
	This morning started out well, but quickly turned sour.
	My mother asked for help with her classroom, but as we were walking out the door, she flipped out, told me that she did not want me to come, then freaked out about several unrelated topic, telling me off about each one.
</p>
<p>
	Once more, she is trying to push the idea that asexuality is somehow a choice on my part, which does not make a bit of sense.
	Celibacy is the act of abstaining from sex, but asexuality is a state of not wanting it to begin with.
	I lack the instinct to desire sex, and that is not something that I could have chosen.
	She also has such warped views on privacy.
	She thinks that I should quit trying to protect my privacy, both online and out in the world, yet she tries to hid even the smallest and most insignificant details about everything from her ex-husband, just to be vindictive to him.
	For example, we have an open window on our front door.
	It has beveled glass, so it is difficult to see through though, so she feels safe allowing light to come through.
	However, whenever her ex-husband, my father, comes to pick up or drop off Vanessa and Cyrus, she blocks the windows with a curtain, just for home, then takes it down when she leaves.
	Her ex-husband is a small fry compared to the <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr>.
	There is nothing that he is going to do if he happens to catch a glimpse of the inside of our home.
	The <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr> on the other hand is intentionally running dragnet surveillance on the whole country and our citizens, violating the rights granted to us by the constitution in the process.
	Idiotically, she also has a problem with me carrying a bag to transport basic objects that I might need with me, such as my drink, my flashlight, my wallet, et cetera.
	She claims that if I had a car, I could use that instead.
	She somehow thinks that a car is a replacement for a bag! A better comparison would be comparing my bag to her purse.
	She uses a car, and yet she still uses a separate purse, a bag, to transport the items that she thinks that she will need.
	It is pure lunacy.
	Speaking of my drink, she wants me to stop carrying one, even though she carries a drink everywhere.
	Somehow, the fact that I try to stay hydrated is an embarrassment to her.
	Not carrying a drink leads to issues later in the day, but we will get back to that.
	She asked me if I was satisfied with life, so I told he mostly, but that there are a few things that I did not like.
	I listed both the fact that I have been unable to find a job and the fact that I cannot talk to her on any personal level without her freaking out on me over things that should not matter to her.
	As an example, I listed my choice in music.
	She has expressed the fact that she does not like it, so I keep my music out of her life.
	I listen to it only when we are apart and/or I have headphones.
	Yet somehow, my choice in music is offensive to her.
	After hearing that, she tried to justify it! She tried to claim that she is in the right to be against my music, even if I keep it out of her life! She claims that as long as I am using freedom as a factor in determining what goes in my music library, instead of sound alone, I am doing something wrong and I need to stop.
	She claims that I am being extreme, but it seems to me that she is being a control freak.
	She claims that freedom has no value and should be discarded.
	It saddens me, but I do not think that we can ever see eye-to-eye.
	She claims that I can speak with her on a personal level, but she makes it clear in her ridiculous arguments against anything I care about, just because I care about it, that I cannot.
	Next, she went onto the topic of carbon footprints.
	It bothers here that I try to keep mine down.
	She says that everyone, myself included, has a carbon footprint, and that I need to get over it.
	She does not seem to understand the difference between reducing a carbon footprint and eliminating it entirely.
	It is true, short of killing myself, I cannot eliminate my carbon footprint.
	However, that does not meant that I should not try to keep it as small as I can! Lastly, or at least the last thing that I remember in this ridiculous list of attacks on my character, she does not like that I have found friends that do not share her ideals.
	Anyone with differing ideals is the enemy to her, and they have &quot;corrupted&quot; me.
	Well, I suppose that she will not have to deal with that for a while.
</p>
<p>
	She and I both agreed that I need to leave.
	She wants me to wait until she figures out if she is staying in the area.
	In what I assume is an act of mercy or pity, she &quot;does not want to leave me stranded here&quot;.
	I am going to spend whatever free time I have trying to prepare for life on my own, such as apartment hunting and job hunting.
	I may also cool my head a bit with some continued code work.
	I will not have time to socialize or speak with friends for the time being though, which will probably make her happy.
</p>
<p>
	After leaving without me and going to her classroom alone, she saw how much work that she had left to accomplish, and decided that she did want help after all.
	After making me jump through ridiculous hoops, she brought me to the school, though without my usual drink.
	I ended up dehydrated as expected, and wound up with a killer headache as a result.
	Meanwhile, she had her drink available to prevent herself from suffering the same fate.
	This is just ridiculous.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> has been shut down today.
	It has been replaced with a notice explaining that it will no longer be updated, but that the lack of updates is not caused by a gag order.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F01-January%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

