<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015-2016, 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/best_ccTLDs.xhtml"/>
		<title>Recommended domain name spaces &lt;https://y.st./en/URI_research/best_ccTLDs.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/best_ccTLDs.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Recommended domain name spaces</h1>
			<p>Telephone service has nothing to do with domain ownership.</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I am not a fan of some of the idiotic regulations imposed on the <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>s by <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr>.
	The public whois database is bad enough, though I still see how it might be valuable.
	The requirement that a telephone number be in the database crosses the line though.
	Some of us do not have or want telephone service and that should not bar us from registering domains.
	However, <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> registries seem to be allowed to manage themselves however they see is fit.
	I researched every <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> available and found the top five registries that I feel are the best.
	To be eligible for this list, registries have to allow registration bay anyone worldwide and not ask for a telephone number or fax number.
	Because your criteria for choosing a registry may be different than mine, I also have <a href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml">notes on my runner-up choices</a> and <a href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml">limited notes on all <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s</a>.
	Great quality often doesn&apos;t come at bare-bottom rates though.
	Domains at these registries aren&apos;t the penny domains you find elsewhere.
</p>
<section id="st">
	<h2>Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe (<a href="#st">ST</a>)</h2>
	<p>
		The <code>//st.</code> registry is my favourite registry in the world!
		Of my top five registries, this is the only one that offers <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers as part of their package, making domains bought directly through them accessible to people that do not have the means or do not have the desire to deploy their own <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers.
		If your registration term is less than ten years, this registry also has the lowest rates on registration and renewal.
		This registry used to offer discounts for registering for multiple years at a time, but now that they don&apos;t, extended registration rates are lower at the <a href="#dj"><code>//dj.</code></a> registry.
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="http://www.nic.st/">Registry website</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			includes DNS - yes
		</li>
		<li>
			renewal price - €35 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr>
		</li>
		<li>
			initial price - €35 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr>
		</li>
		<li>
			minimum length - 3 (or pay a one-time premium price for a shorter name)
		</li>
		<li>
			whois privacy - €5 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr>
		</li>
		<li>
			register electronically - Web
		</li>
		<li>
			manual approval - no
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="to">
	<h2>Kingdom of Tonga (<a href="#to">TO</a>)</h2>
	<p>
		The <code>//to.</code> registry does not make customer information available in a public database, saying that <a href="https://www.tonic.to/faq.htm#16">customers feel doing such is an invasion of privacy</a>.
		It&apos;s nice to know that some companies value the privacy of their customers enough to act on it.
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://www.tonic.to/">Registry website</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			includes DNS - no
		</li>
		<li>
			renewal price - $100/$135/$200/$350/$750/$2500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> (2/3/5/10/25/100 years)
		</li>
		<li>
			initial price - $100/$135/$200/$350/$750/$2500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> (2/3/5/10/25/100 years)
		</li>
		<li>
			minimum length - 1
		</li>
		<li>
			whois privacy - yes
		</li>
		<li>
			register electronically - Web
		</li>
		<li>
			manual approval - unknown
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="pn">
	<h2>Pitcairn Group of Islands (<a href="#pn">PN, CO.PN, NET.PN, ORG.PN</a>)</h2>
	<p>
		In addition to registration a the second level, this registry offers registration at the third level under three second-level domains.
		Registration at the third level costs half that of registrations at the second level.
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="http://government.pn/PnRegistry/">Registry website</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			includes DNS - no
		</li>
		<li>
			renewal price - $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> ($50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for third-level registrations)
		</li>
		<li>
			initial price - $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> ($50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for third-level registrations)
		</li>
		<li>
			minimum length - 1
		</li>
		<li>
			whois privacy - no
		</li>
		<li>
			register electronically - Web
		</li>
		<li>
			manual approval - unknown
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="dj">
	<h2>Republic of Djibouti (<a href="#dj">DJ</a>)</h2>
	<p>
		Registration at this registry can be slightly cheaper than registration at the <a href="#st"><code>//st.</code></a> registry, but only if you register for a period of exactly ten years.
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="http://www.dj/">Registry website</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			includes DNS - no
		</li>
		<li>
			renewal price - unsure
		</li>
		<li>
			initial price - €40-200 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr> (1-5 years) or €320 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr> (10 years)
		</li>
		<li>
			minimum length - 3
		</li>
		<li>
			whois privacy - yes
		</li>
		<li>
			register electronically - Web
		</li>
		<li>
			manual approval - unknown
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="cg">
	<h2>Republic of the Congo (<a href="#cg">CG</a>)</h2>
	<p>
		The registration price for this registry is a bit steep compared to the others on this list.
		Registrations are also handled by <a href="http://nic.cg/register.html">email</a> instead of over the Web.
		The high price is only charged to outsiders, and is said to be in order to <a href="http://nic.cg/pricing.html">compensate for the fact that local citizens get gratis registration</a>.
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://nic.cg/">Registry website</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			includes DNS - no
		</li>
		<li>
			renewal price - €225 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr>
		</li>
		<li>
			initial price - €225 <abbr title="euros">EUR</abbr>
		</li>
		<li>
			minimum length - 3
		</li>
		<li>
			whois privacy - no
		</li>
		<li>
			register electronically - email
		</li>
		<li>
			manual approval - yes
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015-2016, 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2FURI_research%2Fbest_ccTLDs.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2FURI_research%2Fbest_ccTLDs.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

