<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015-2016, 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml"/>
		<title>country code Top-Level Domains &lt;https://y.st./en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>country code Top-Level Domains</h1>
			<p>The shortest <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s currently available</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Country code top-level domains have at least two interesting properties.
	First of all, they are the shortest top-level domains that have ever been delegated by <abbr title="Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers">ICANN</abbr>.
	Second, they are less regulated by <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr>.
	While generic top-level domains are required to deal with certain red tape requirements, some country code top-level domains let he little things slide.
</p>
<p>
	<abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s are of particular interest to me for both of these reasons.
	The short length means that if you want one of the shortest domains available to and affordable by the public, you&apos;re going to need your domain to in the form &quot;{single character}.{country code}.&quot;.
	The less rigorous rule-abiding is also useful for me, because sometimes this means not needing to have an active telephone line in order to register a domain name.
	The telephone system has nothing to do with domain names, so there is no reason I should have to pay for telephone service that I never use just so that I have a telephone number to supply to my registrar and my registry.
	Keep in mind that in order to bypass these common requirements, you <strong>*must*</strong> register not with a common registrar, but through the registry itself.
	Again, this is not something that <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr> registries are allowed to do, but some <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> registries have this capability.
</p>
<p>
	When I first wrote up this page, I had telephone service and was only looking for a short domain.
	Now I have my short domain, and am looking only for some satellite domains that do not require telephone service to register and do not require me to have the telephone service that I discontinued.
	For that reason, the ability to register short domains and the ability to register without a telephone are kept completely separate in this document.
	Furthermore, when I went searching for domains that do not require a telephone line to register, I was less desperate than when I went looking for short domains.
	When I went looking for short domains, I thought I would need to settle for a second-hand domain that took a few years to save up for because of the high price tag.
	Instead, I found an unused short domain in less than a month that only took about three months to save up for, had fairly reasonable renewal rates, and didn&apos;t even require a telephone number to acquire.
	Now, when I am searching for a domain that does not require a telephone number, I know that the registry of the Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe has what I need, even if no one else does.
	At this point, I am only looking at options, so I&apos;m not putting up with any nonsense.
	If a domain registry is asking for the submission of paper forms, and those paper forms have a telephone number field on them, I will assume that it is a required field unless marked otherwise, and did not write in to ask them if it is mandatory.
	Likewise, if the registry does not list its requirements for registration and requires you to instead contact a registry representative for information, I will assume that the domain names offered by them are out of reach.
	This document can save you some time if your needs are similar to mine, but should not be considered complete even at the time of writing and may be inaccurate if policies of a registry change.
</p>
<p>
	(In the interest of full disclosure: The original copy of the part of this document relating to short domain names was lost to a hard drive failure before this website went up.
	At the request of mistedwind, I dug a copy of it out of Google&apos;s virtual garbage can before Google had a chance to empty it, and I cannot guarantee that it was the latest version of the information.
	Updates were made if I remembered other information, but some things may be incomplete because of the loss of the original.)
</p>
<p>
	If you&apos;re not interested in these two qualities of <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s, you probably have a specific <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> you want to use (for example, to market in a particular country) or you may not have a use for a <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>.
	Otherwise, a <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr> may be of more use to you for general marketing if you don&apos;t need any special domain meta-qualities.
</p>
<section id="ac">
	<h2>Ascension Island (<a href="#ac">AC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Ascension Island&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.ac/rules.html">allows registration</a> by any person residing in any jurisdiction.
		According to their rule page, they <strong>*make available*</strong> some one letter domains, as well as some numeric domains.
		A quick scan of the whois information of all one character domains, however, shows that <strong>*all*</strong> one letter names are reserved.
		All one digit domains are assignable (but of course registered already).
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Ascension Island&apos;s <a href="https://www.nic.ac/newfast.xzx">registration form</a> requires a telephone number to register.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ad">
	<h2>Principality of Andorra (<a href="#ad">AD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Principality of Andorra&apos;s registry seems to <a href="https://www.nic.ad/angles/comregistrar_e.htm">disallow non-business-related applications</a>.
		Furthermore, businesses must have a <a href="https://www.nic.ad/angles/comamarca_e.htm">trademark</a> or <a href="https://www.nic.ad/angles/nomcomercial_e.htm">trade name</a> registered with the Andorran government.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Principality of Andorra&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.ompa.ad/en/domain-ad-forms">requires registration by paper form</a> and the <a href="https://www.ompa.ad/images/PDF/formularis-domini/formulari_dominis.pdf">paper form</a> asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ae">
	<h2>United Arab Emirates (<a href="#ae">AE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The United Arab Emirates&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.ae/content.jsp?action=fees">allows registration</a> by anyone, though most of their one-character names are reserved.
		In fact, it seems that the only available one character name in the <code>//ae.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> is <code>//1.ae.</code> (which is registered).
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The United Arab Emirates&apos;s registry only allows registration through <a href="http://aeda.ae/eng/acc_registrars.php">accredited registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="af">
	<h2>Islamic Republic of Afghanistan (<a href="#af">AF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.af/domainpolicy.htm">disallows registration of one-character names</a>.
		However, examination of the whois database shows that <strong>*all*</strong> one character domains are registered. Unfortunately, they are not available from the people who currently hold them, because the registry disallows domain name transfers.
		That said, some (but not all) <code>//af.</code> names have the <code>clientTransferProhibited</code> status set. That makes me wonder if maybe these names can be transferred after all.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Islamic Republic of Afghanistan&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.af/en/page/what-we-do/afgnic/af-registration">requires registrants email a form to them</a>, and that <a href="http://nic.af/Content/files/Registrationform-_af%281%29.pdf">form</a> asks for both a telephone number and fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ag">
	<h2>Antigua and Barbuda (<a href="#ag">AG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Antigua and Barbuda&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.ag/">allows registration by anyone</a> and <a href="https://www.nic.ag/rules.htm">allows one character registrations</a>.
		The one down side is that registration <a href="https://www.nic.ag/prices.htm">costs $150 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for the first year and $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> for every year after</a>.
		This higher cost has not, however, prevented people from registering every one character name in the <code>//ag.</code> name space.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Antigua and Barbuda&apos;s <a href="https://payment.nic.ag/register.php">registration form</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ai">
	<h2>Anguilla (<a href="#ai">AI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Anguilla&apos;s registry has some <a href="http://whois.ai/faq.html">odd requirements</a>.
		Specifically, in order to get an account, which is required for registering names, you must pay them $100 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, then wait three months for the account to become activated.
		During this time, they verify your contact information, including your email address, telephone number, fax number, and physical address.
		Registration is available to anyone in any jurisdiction.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Anguilla&apos;s <a href="http://whois.ai/cgi-bin/register.py">registration form</a> requires both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="al">
	<h2>Republic of Albania (<a href="#al">AL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Even the &quot;English&quot; version of the Republic of Albania&apos;s registry seems to be written in Albanian.
		However, Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.al">registration is open to everyone</a>.
		Wikipedia says that the Albanian registry allows names as short as two characters, though the registry&apos;s site itself <a href="http://akep.al/en/kerkoni-domain">seems to require at least three</a>.
		In either case, one character names are not available.
		Additionally, this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not have a whois server, so I cannot check for grandfathered short names.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Albania&apos;s registry&apos;s website is written in Albanian, even when you click the &quot;English&quot; link at the top.
		The page on <a href="http://www.akep.al/en/domains-application-form">domain registration</a> appears to give two options, registration by paper form and registration through external registrars.
		The <a href="http://www.akep.al/images/stories/AKEP/domain/formular_aplikimi_per-regjistrim-domain_model_1.pdf">paper form</a> asks for both a telephone number and a fax number, noting that the fax number is optional.
		This implies that the telephone number is mandatory.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="am">
	<h2>Republic of Armenia(<a href="#am">AM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Armenia&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.amnic.net/">allows registration by nonresidents</a>, though applications for names that are overly-generic may be <a href="https://www.amnic.net/policy/">rejected</a>.
		You would think that you couldn&apos;t get any more generic than a single character, but all single character names seem to have been successfully registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Armenia&apos;s <a href="https://www.amnic.net/register/">registration form</a> asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
		Testing the form, I found that the fax number can be left blank, but the telephone number is mandatory.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="an">
	<h2>Netherlands Antilles (<a href="#an">AN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Netherlands Antilles are no more, and the <code>//an.</code> <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is being <a href="https://www.iana.org/reports/2011/cw-report-20111003.html">removed from the root name space</a>.
		The Netherlands Antilles have <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.an">dissolved</a> into <a href="#cw">Curaçao</a>, <a href="#sx">Sint Maarten</a>, Bonaire, Sint Eustatius, and Saba.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		When I first looked at this domain, it&apos;s use had been discontinued, but it still technically existed.
		However, it has now fallen off the <a href="https://data.iana.org/TLD/tlds-alpha-by-domain.txt">official list of <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ao">
	<h2>Republic of Angola (<a href="#ao">AO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Republic of Angola&apos;s registry appears to require registrations be on the third level.
		Not only that, but the yearly fee is $300 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year for your first domain and $450 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year for every domain after that.
		If that&apos;s not enough to discourage use, you must also register via letters and faxes, as opposed to by an electronic form.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Angola has a registration form, downloadable at their <a href="http://dns.ao/">website</a>, but it asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="aq">
	<h2>Antarctica (<a href="#aq">AQ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Antarctica&apos;s registry only allows registration by those with a <a href="http://gobin.info/domainname/aq.txt">presence in Antarctica</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Antarctica <a href="https://internet.robert-scheck.de/tld-aq/">requires registrants have a presence within the country</a>, so names are unavailable to most people with or without a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ar">
	<h2>Argentine Republic (<a href="#ar">AR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t read Argentine Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s Web site because it&apos;s <a href="https://nic.ar/">written in Spanish</a>, but Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ar">registration is available only on the third level and only to those with a presence in Argentina</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Argentine Republic&apos;s registry website seems to be written in Spanish, so I&apos;m not quite sure what it says.
		Their <a href="https://punto.ar/atencion/tramites-especiales/">registration page</a> appears to require documentation of some sort, probably to verify that registrants meet certain restrictions.
		As stated above, Wikipedia says that a local address is required, so registration, with or without a telephone, is not available to most people.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="as">
	<h2>American Samoa (<a href="#as">AS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		American Samoa&apos;s registry allows registration by anyone, but if the domain is not actively in use, <a href="https://nic.as/policy.cfm">it will be revoked</a>.
		The registry <a href="https://nic.as/whois.cfm">does not allow registrations that are shorter than three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		American Samoa&apos;s <a href="https://www.nic.as/process/?">registration form</a> asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
		However, the fax number can be left blank.
		Further inspection reveals that any arbitrary string can be entered into the telephone number field, such as&quot;no telephone number available&quot;.
		Registrations under this <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> must be at least three characters in length, and if you are not actively using the domain name, it can be revoked.
		You must supply your own <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers (at least two and up to five), password length is capped at sixteen characters, and the first two years must be purchased at the time of registration.
		Domains here cost $50 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year.
		It appears that the whois server does not show contact information, instead showing only the registrants name.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="at">
	<h2>Republic of Austria (<a href="#at">AT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Austria&apos;s registry allows registration by outsiders, but <a href="https://www.nic.at/en/service/legal-information/registration-guidelines/">does not allow singe-character registrations</a>.
		Some (but not all) <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes seem to be banned from the site.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Austria&apos;s registry claims to charge €36 for the first year and €36 just for registration itself, but the price somehow adds up to €60 instead of €72.
		Then, a €12 <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> is added, bringing the total up to the expected €72.
		I&apos;m confused as how the numbers are adding up and the registry requires that you provide your own name servers.
		The <a href="https://www.nic.at/ui/index.php/domainreg/pageregistrant/">domain registration form</a> has fields for three pieces of contact information that my be hidden from the whois database if desired: an email address, a telephone number, and a fax number.
		The telephone number and fax number are labelled on the form as not being mandatory.
		Your postal address is not hidden from the whois database.
		Further along in the registration process, the registry says that they can send you an invoice by email or by paper mail and offers a 3% discount if you choose email.
		At this point, I did not proceed further, as I&apos;m not ready to buy a domain anyway.
		Further quirks may exist.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="au">
	<h2>Commonwealth of Australia (<a href="#au">AU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Commonwealth of Australia&apos;s registry&apos;s website is behind a CloudFlare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall, so I refuse to visit or link to it.
		However, according to Wikipedia, it doesn&apos;t matter anyway; registration is <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.au">only available to Australians</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It appears that the Commonwealth of Australia&apos;s registry <a href="http://auda.org.au/industry-information/au-domains/">only accepts registration through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="aw">
	<h2>Aruba (<a href="#aw">AW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Aruba&apos;s registry allows registry only by <a href="http://setar.aw/images/stories/pdfs/domainrules.pdf">Aruban businesspeople</a> and has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Aruba&apos;s registry <a href="http://setar.aw/images/stories/pdfs/domainrules.pdf">only allows companies registered within the country to use domains under this <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr></a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ax">
	<h2>Åland Islands (<a href="#ax">AX</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Åland Islands&apos; registry&apos;s site is <a href="http://www.regeringen.ax/axreg/">written in Swedish</a> and Wikipedia says registration is <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ax">only available to residents and businesses of the Åland Islands</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		People outside of the Åland Islands <a href="http://www.whois.ax/?l=en">will not be granted a domain</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="az">
	<h2>Republic of Azerbaijan (<a href="#az">AZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Azerbaijan&apos;s registry allows registration by anyone, but registration of single characters is <a href="http://nic.az/rules_en.html">not allowed</a>.
		Azerbaijan&apos;s registry has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It looks like <a href="http://nic.az/rules_en.html">registration is done by registrars via email and requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ba">
	<h2>Bosnia and Herzegovina (<a href="#ba">BA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Even the &quot;English&quot; version of Bosnia and Herzegovina&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://nic.az/rules_en.html">written in Bosnian</a>.
		Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ba">only Bosniaks may register names</a> and the registry site seems to <a href="http://nic.ba/">prohibit short names</a>.
		There is no whois server for this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Even the &quot;English&quot; version of the website is in Bosnian, so I can&apos;t be completely sure of what is said there.
		Looking up translations words on the <a href="http://nic.ba/">registration form</a>, I managed to fill it out.
		The telephone number field claims to be mandatory, but I tried filling in &quot;no telephone&quot;,
		and the form accepted it.
		There is a drop down list used to specify what country you are registering from, and many (if not most/all) countries are on it, leading me to believe that registration from outsiders is allowed.
		<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> I think a local contact might be required for registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bb">
	<h2>Barbados (<a href="#bb">BB</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Barbados&apos; registry only allows registration by those with a <a href="http://telecoms.gov.bb/BarbadosDomains/tabid/110/Default.aspx">local presence</a>.
		This registry does not have a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration must be done via <a href="http://telecoms.gov.bb/website/Documents/Application%20Forms/PDF/Domain%20Name%20Application%20Form.pdf">paper form</a> sent to a <a href="http://whois.telecoms.gov.bb/request/reservation.php">postal address</a>.
		The form asks for a telephone number and fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bd">
	<h2>People&apos;s Republic of Bangladesh (<a href="#bd">BD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		People&apos;s Republic of Bangladesh&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.btcl.gov.bd/bd_domain/dotbd_FAQ.php">does not allow second-level registrations</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Registration appears to need to be done by <a href="http://www.btcl.gov.bd/bd_domain/dotbd_FAQ.php">paper form</a>, but the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of the form itself returns a 404 error.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="be">
	<h2>Kingdom of Belgium (<a href="#be">BE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Kingdom of Belgium&apos;s registry <a href="https://dnsbelgium.be/en/domain-name/valid-domain-name">disallows one-character registrations</a>, but does allow anyone to register.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After performing a check to see if a given domain name is <a href="https://dnsbelgium.be/en">still available</a>, the registry directs you to find a third-party registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bf">
	<h2>Burkina Faso (<a href="#bf">BF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Burkina Faso&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.artel.bf/spip.php?article95#5">seems to have no lower limit on name length</a>, but being that the site is written in Mossi, I can&apos;t tell for sure if there are restrictions on being a registrant.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://artel.bf/IMG/pdf/formulaire-nom-domaine-bf.pdf"><abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> registration form</a> asks for a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bg">
	<h2>Republic of Bulgaria (<a href="#bg">BG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Bulgaria&apos;s registry seems to <a href="https://www.register.bg/user/">use literally every single-character <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> as a domain to register beneath</a>.
		No research was done to look into eligibility requirements, as all the short names are unusable.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The website is not <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>-friendly.
		It refuses to register your domain if you have used multiple <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses during the registration process.
		I was not able to see for sure if strings such as &quot;no telephone number available&quot; can be used as in the telephone number field, but it may not matter.
		If this registry is obsessing over <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address, there&apos;s no guarantee that I can even manage my domain name once I buy it.
		Then again, their names are only ten Euros per year if you choose to register under any of their 36 one-character <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr>s.
		Directly registering an <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> under their <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> costs 30 Euros per year and offers to allow you to submit documents that prove your grounds for using the domain.
		These documents are optional, but perhaps without having a reason that they like for using the domain, it will not be granted.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bh">
	<h2>Kingdom of Bahrain (<a href="#bh">BH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t seem to find the Kingdom of Bahrain&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says that registration requires <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.bh">a registered business in Bahrain and a Bahrain telephone account that registration will be billed to</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not have a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="http://www.inet.com.bh/">website</a> is not loading at the moment.
		Further research shows that <a href="https://www.iana.org/domains/root/db/bh.html"><abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> does not have a registry website on file</a> for this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, so the registry might not actually have a website.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bi">
	<h2>Republic of Burundi (<a href="#bi">BI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Burundi&apos;s registry <a href="https://whois.nic.bi/">requires that all names contain at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry <a href="https://whois.nic.bi/">only allows registration through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bj">
	<h2>Republic of Benin (<a href="#bj">BJ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Benin&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://nic.bj/">written in French</a> and Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.bj">registration requires an administrative contact in Benin</a>.
		Furthermore, 
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://nic.bj/index.php/whois-bj">whois search page</a> claims that every domain is registered, even when displaying a whois query that says <q>Domain Status: No Object Found</q>.
		My guess is that the whois result is not read by the webpage; the page just assumes that if a result is returned, the domain is in use.
		But a result is always returned.
		I&apos;m not sure how to register a domain with this registry.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bm">
	<h2>Bermuda (<a href="#bm">BM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Bermuda&apos;s registry only allows registration by <a href="https://www.bermudanic.bm/BERMUDANIC%20DOMAIN%20NAME%20RULES%20100708.pdf">charities and corporations with an address in Bermuda</a>.
		This registry does not have a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry has a <a href="https://www.bermudanic.bm/BERMUDANIC%20DOMAIN%20NAME%20RULES_03_15.pdf">residency requirement</a> for registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bn">
	<h2>Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace (<a href="#bn">BN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Nation of Brunei, the Abode of Peace&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says that registration is <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.bn">only available to companies and organizations that are registered in Brunei Darussalam</a>.
		The <code>whois</code> command line application is unable to locate the <code>//bn.</code> registry.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry only allows registration through a <a href="http://bnnic.bn/find-your-domain">registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bo">
	<h2>Plurinational State of Bolivia (<a href="#bo">BO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Plurinational State of Bolivia&apos;s registry seems to be open to all, but <a href="https://www.nic.bo/">throws errors when you try to look up single-character names</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://nic.bo/registro_cuenta.php">registration form</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="br">
	<h2>Federative Republic of Brazil (<a href="#br">BR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Federative Republic of Brazil&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="https://registro.br/">written in Brazilian</a> and Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.br">registration requires paperwork only available to people and companies in Brazil</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Browsing around the <a href="https://registro.br/">website</a>, which is written entirely in Brazilian, registration seems to only be available to locals.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bs">
	<h2>Commonwealth of the Bahamas (<a href="#bs">BS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Commonwealth of the Bahamas&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.register.bs/rules.html">disallows single-character registrations</a>.
		This registry does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.register.bs/">website</a> appears to be down right now.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bt">
	<h2>Kingdom of Bhutan (<a href="#bt">BT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		If I understand the Kingdom of Bhutan&apos;s registry&apos;s rules correctly, <a href="http://www.nic.bt/twhois/whoiss.php">registration is open to everyone, but there are more requirements for business registrations than personal registrations</a>.
		People outside of Bhutan are asked to <a href="mailto:webmaster@druknet.bt">inquire via email</a> and no online form seems to be available.
		This registry does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry requires registration via paper form if you are a local resident or an emailed form if you are a from out of the country.
		The <a href="http://www.druknet.bt/forms/webhostingnew.pdf">registration form</a> asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bv">
	<h2>Bouvet Island (<a href="#bv">BV</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Bouvet Island is an uninhabited volcanic island, and it&apos;s registry has opted <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.bv">not to make registration available</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		As stated above, registration here does not seem to be available to anyone.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bw">
	<h2>Republic of Botswana (<a href="#bw">BW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Botswana&apos;s registry seems to allow registration by anyone, but registration is done via a paper mail form.
		I&apos;m not sure on what grounds an application is accepted or denied, so I&apos;m not sure if short domains are available.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://nic.net.bw/faqs">Registration requires a registrar.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="by">
	<h2>Republic of Belarus (<a href="#by">BY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Belarus&apos; registry <a href="http://cctld.by/policy.html">allows registrations by anyone</a>, but upon requesting a name, you are told that one-character names are not allowed.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://cctld.by/en/check/">choosing a name</a>, a registrant is asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="bz">
	<h2>Belize (<a href="#bz">BZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://belizenic.bz/">Belize&apos;s registry</a>&apos;s website doesn&apos;t seem to have any information about requirements for registering a name under them.
		However, the site does not even seem to mention Belize.
		The whois database shows registrations from people outside the country as well as registrations for one-character names.
		All single-character labels are either registered or reserved.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="http://nic.bz/whois.php">choosing a name</a>, a registrant is asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ca">
	<h2>Canada (<a href="#ca">CA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Canada&apos;s registry only allows registration by people with <a href="http://cira.ca/ca-websites/register/who-can-register-a-ca-domain-name/">a connection to Canada</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://cira.ca/marketplace">choosing a name</a>, a registrant is asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cc">
	<h2>Territory of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands (<a href="#cc">CC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Territory of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands&apos; registry is run by <a href="https://www.verisigninc.com/en_US/domain-names/cc-domain-names/index.xhtml?loc=en_US">Verisign</a>.
		While I can&apos;t find any information about the requirements for registry, the fact that Verisign is running it probably means that registration is open to all.
		Verisign doesn&apos;t seem to favor one region over another, and by keeping registration open, they would make more money as there would be more potential customers.
		I also can&apos;t see any information on domain length requirements, but single-character <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr>s are present and registered in the whois database.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://www.verisign.com/en_US/domain-names/domain-name-search/index.xhtml">choosing a name</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cd">
	<h2>Democratic Republic of the Congo (<a href="#cd">CD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Democratic Republic of the Congo&apos;s registry allows registration of single-character domains for <a href="https://www.nic.cd/premiumname.php">$1300 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr></a>.
		It&apos;s not an ideal price, but it can be paid.
		At this price, some names are still available.
		I can&apos;t find anything on the registry website that mentions there being any requirements for registry, but the domain lookup function (as well as many of the hyperlinks) seems to be broken.
		Finding a registrar that sells these premium names seems to be difficult as well.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The registry website has at least two forms to search for a domain name.
		The <a href="https://www.nic.cd/">first</a> claims that every name is already registered, even when it isn&apos;t, and the <a href="https://www.nic.cd/accreditedreg.php">second</a> returns a 404 error upon submission.
		Until this is fixed, I cannot know if the registry would normally directly take registrations and do so without a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cf">
	<h2>Central African Republic (<a href="#cf">CF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Central African Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s own website is broken and cannot be used to register names.
		However, this registry is run by <a href="http://freenom.com/en/index.html">Freenom</a>, which means a few things.
		First, <a href="https://www.dot.cf/en/aboutdotcf.html">registration is open to everyone</a>.
		Second, short names are available.
		Third, short names are <strong>*way*</strong> expensive, likely as a way to cover the costs of all the domains that are being registered but not paid for.
		Freenom&apos;s business model seems to be to lend names to anyone without charge, only charging people if they choose to actually own the name.
		They do not lend out premium names, and a short name will cost $2500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year.
		It&apos;s a great place to look for gratis and reasonably-priced names, as long as you aren&apos;t looking for a rarity such as one of the shortest names on the planet.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration through Freenom <a href="https://my.freenom.com/cart.php?a=checkout">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cg">
	<h2>Republic of the Congo (<a href="#cg">CG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of the Congo&apos;s registry offers each citizen of the country a single gratis domain name.
		If you are not a citizen of the country or you want more names, <a href="https://nic.cg/policy.html">they are available for a fee</a>.
		Single character names are not available for automated registration, but if you contact <a href="mailto:support@dnsafrica.net">support</a>, they may (or may not) make the short name you request available to you for a potentially reoccurring fee.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This registry asks that registrants <a href="https://nic.cg/register.html">register via email</a>.
		The emailed form does not ask for a telephone number.
		When registering, you need to supply your own name servers.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ch">
	<h2>Swiss Confederation (<a href="#ch">CH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Swiss Confederation&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.ch/reg/cm/wcm-page/faqs/register.jsp#rules">disallows the registration of short names</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry once sold domain names directly, but is now <a href="https://www.nic.ch/reg/index/view.html?lid=en">having all customers transfer to a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ci">
	<h2>Republic of Côte d&apos;Ivoire (<a href="#ci">CI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Côte d&apos;Ivoire&apos;s registry&apos;s site <a href="http://www.nic.ci/">is down for maintenance</a>.
		Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ci">registered names must match a company/organization name or trademark</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The website continues to be down for maintenance after over seven months.
		
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ck">
	<h2>Cook Islands (<a href="#ck">CK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Cook Islands&apos; registry website, but Wikipedia says that registrants must use a name based on their own own names, though the phrasing makes it sound like this may only apply to companies.
		It also says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ck">registration is only available on the third level</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The official <a href="http://oyster.net.ck/">registration website</a> redirects to a telecom&apos;s website that does not mention domain registration.
		I&apos;m not sure if registration directly with the registry, or even registration at all, is available.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cl">
	<h2>Republic of Chile (<a href="#cl">CL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Chile&apos;s registry&apos;s rules are <a href="https://www.nic.cl/normativa/reglamentacion.html">written in Spanish</a>.
		Wikipedia says that registering a name <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.cl">requires a contact in Chile</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration at this registry <a href="https://clientes.nic.cl/registrar/agregarUsuario.do">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cm">
	<h2>Republic of Cameroon (<a href="#cm">CM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Cameroon&apos;s registry&apos;s website <a href="http://www.netcom.cm/index.php">doesn&apos;t seem to have a lot of information</a>.
		Wikipedia <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.cm">hints that registration is likely open to all</a> and the whois database shows that all single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It appears that this registry only takes registrations through <a href="http://www.netcom.cm/partners.php">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cn">
	<h2>People&apos;s Republic of China (<a href="#cn">CN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The People&apos;s Republic of China&apos;s registry uses Neustar as a gateway for registrations from outside the country.
		While Neustar <a href="https://www.neustar.biz/services/domain-name-registry/cn-domain-names">discoraged registration by individuals</a>, Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.cn">registration by individuals is open</a>.
		The whois database shows that all single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry only offers registration through <a href="http://www1.cnnic.cn/IS/CNym/CNymzc/201208/t20120823_35223.htm">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="co">
	<h2>Republic of Colombia (<a href="#co">CO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Colombia&apos;s registry <a href="http://support.go.co/customer/portal/articles/1296900-who-can-register-co-domains-">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		Attempting to register a single-character domain results in a message saying the name is premium, and providing a hyperlink to the premium name make-an-offer page, hosted <a href="http://u.co/">at the name you tried to register</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry only takes registration through <a href="https://www.go.co/register/">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cr">
	<h2>Republic of Costa Rica (<a href="#cr">CR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Costa Rica&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.cr/en/faq-page/15788?language=en">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> doesn&apos;t have a whois server, but using the Web access to the whois database, I found that all single-character names have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Registration seems to be available without a telephone number, but <a href="https://www.nic.cr/en/user/register"> an &quot;identification number&quot; is needed</a>.
		There is no hint on the website as to what this identification number is or where to get one.
		I would think that it might be a number assigned to residents of the Republic of Costa Rica, but the registration form allows you to specify that you are in a different country.
		An &quot;identity type&quot; field is present, so perhaps this is tied to the identification number.
		For example, if you choose &quot;passport&quot; as the identity type, perhaps you would enter your passport number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cu">
	<h2>Republic of Cuba (<a href="#cu">CU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Cuba&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://www.nic.cu/">written is Spanish</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.cu">registration is available only to Cuban companies</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I think <a href="http://www.nic.cu/form_det.php?form_id=1&amp;opt=3&amp;guia=1#punto1">this page</a> says that domains are not sold to individuals, only to companies.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cv">
	<h2>Republic of Cabo Verde (<a href="#cv">CV</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Cabo Verde&apos;s registry seems to <a href="http://dns.cv/tldcv_si/do?com=DS;1175373754;online.200002;+PAGE%28online.300020%29+F_PRO_DOMINIO%289%29">disallow single-character registrations</a>.
		This registry does not employ a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.dns.cv/tldcv_si/do?com=DS;957186156;online.200002;+PAGE%28online.500110%29+DES%28FICHA%29+MODO%28INS%29;">registration form</a> not only requires a telephone number, but demands that this telephone number be mobile.
		Luckily, the form allows the telephone number to be set to a string, such as &quot;none&quot;.
		The form also requires a tax <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number.
		I don&apos;t have a tax <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> number within the registry&apos;s country, so hopefully setting that to &quot;none&quot; as well won&apos;t cause later problems.
		Once you register an account, you are given a &quot;Nic-Handle&quot;, but you cannot log in with that.
		Instead, you need to use it to request a user name.
		The user name is then sent via email, and you can log in to register names.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cw">
	<h2>Country of Curaçao (<a href="#cw">CW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Country of Curaçaos registry registrants <a href="http://uoc.cw/ictssite/index.php/domreg/registering-a-cw-domain/register">have a presence in Curaçao</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Not only does the registration form ask for both a telephone number (must <strong>*not*</strong> be mobile) and a fax number, but the <a href="http://uoc.cw/ictssite/index.php/domreg/registering-a-cw-domain/register">registration form</a> <strong>*must*</strong> be sent by fax in addition to email.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cx">
	<h2>Territory of Christmas Island (<a href="#cx">CX</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		An admittedly hasty scan of the Territory of Christmas Island&apos;s registry&apos;s <a href="http://nic.cx/christmas/CX-RA-NOV-2011.pdf">registration agreement</a> seems to imply registration is available outside the island.
		The agreement says that the laws of Christmas Island are the exclusive laws that govern name use, which would be needless to say if names could only be registered by Christmas Islanders.
		All single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t see any information about registration on <a href="https://cocca.org.nz/">the registry&apos;s website</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cy">
	<h2>Republic of Cyprus (<a href="#cy">CY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Cyprus&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.cy/rulesreg.htm">only allows registration by people and companies of Cyprus and only at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is done via a <a href="https://www.nic.cy/forms_02_06/regform_en_24.09.2015.pdf">paper form</a> that requests both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cz">
	<h2>Czech Republic (<a href="#cz">CZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t see anything in the Czech Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s regulations that prohibit registration by people abroad.
		The rules say that <a href="https://www.nic.cz/files/nic/doc/Registration_rules_CZ.pdf">the registrant&apos;s address must include the country code of the registrant</a>, suggesting that registration from multiple, most likely all, countries is accepted.
		All single-character domains are registered, but every last one of them is registered by someone in the Czech Republic, leading me to wonder if registration is in fact limited to people with a local presence.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry <a href="https://www.nic.cz/page/313/">only allows registration through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="de">
	<h2>Federal Republic of Germany (<a href="#de">DE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Federal Republic of Germany&apos;s registry requires that registrants <a href="http://denic.de/en/domains/general-information/domain-guidelines.html">have a contact in Germany that can make legal decisions on behalf of the domain holder</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry calls them &quot;providers&quot; instead of &quot;registrars&quot;, but the concept is the same.
		They only take registration <a href="https://denic.de/en/domains/registration-and-update.html#c1196">through third parties</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dj">
	<h2>Republic of Djibouti (<a href="#dj">DJ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Djibouti&apos;s registry&apos;s website claims that the <code>//dj.</code> <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> if for use with the &quot;Internet of music&quot;.
		While not much information is given, it is clear that registration is likely open to all and that the registry has decided to take advantage of the fact that their country code is identical to the abbreviation for &quot;disk jockey&quot;.
		When attempting to register a short name, an error is presented stating that <a href="http://www.dj/cgi-bin/quiest.cgi">names must be longer than two characters</a>.
		However, it&apos;s worth noting that <code>//a.dj.</code> is in use.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="http://www.dj/">choosing a name</a>, registrants are not even asked for telephone numbers.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dk">
	<h2>Kingdom of Denmark (<a href="#dk">DK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Denmark&apos;s registry allows registry by anyone, although certain <a href="https://www.dk-hostmaster.dk/fileadmin/filer/pdf/generelle_vilkaar/general-conditions.pdf">&quot;very important domains&quot; (abbreviated as &quot;VIDs&quot;) are reserved for residents and people with resident proxies</a>.
		The use of someone as a proxy is expressly allowed and the &quot;VID&quot; status of a given domain is visible in the whois records.
		I&apos;m not sure what determines whether a domain is given this special status, but the only &quot;VID&quot; single-character domain is <code>//r.dk.</code>.
		All single-character names are registered, and therefore are possible to register.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is available <a href="https://www.dk-hostmaster.dk/english/find-dk-domain-name/buy-dk-domain-name/">only through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dm">
	<h2>Commonwealth of Dominica (<a href="#dm">DM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The first sentence on the Commonwealth of Dominica&apos;s registry&apos;s website says that they are <a href="https://nic.dm/">marketing the domains worldwide</a>, so there was no need to hunt for that information.
		All single-character names are registered, which means that single-character names can be registered.
		Many of these names are registered by what appears to be a reservation service that may be an implementation of the <a href="https://nic.dm/policies/pdf/rulesnguidelines2014.pdf">premium status of single-character domains</a> mentioned in the regulations.
		Additionally, it&apos;s worth noting that registering &quot;{your name}.dm.&quot; causes &quot;{your name}.com.dm.&quot;, &quot;{your name}.net.dm.&quot;, and &quot;{your name}.org.dm.&quot; to be registered in your name as well.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry says it only takes registration via <a href="http://nic.dm/registrars.php">registrars</a>, but lists itself as one of the available registrars.
		However, I cannot find a place on the website used to actually register.
		I&apos;m not sure if this registry actually acts as one of its own registrars or not.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="do">
	<h2>Dominican Republic (<a href="#do">DO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Dominican Republic&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.do/ingles/policies/2ndRegDisposition.php3">disallows domains with less than two characters</a> and does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://nic.do/registro/ingles/add-d.php3">registration form</a> says it requires a telephone number.
		I can&apos;t be sure if arbitrary strings such as &quot;no telephone&quot; can be used in place of a telephone number because if the form doesn&apos;t like any one piece of information you have entered, it will completely clear the form, tell you to fill it out again because there was an error, and will not tell you which piece of information the system did not like.
		Quite frankly, it&apos;s not worth my time to try to figure out if the problem is specifically the telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dz">
	<h2>People&apos;s Democratic Republic of Algeria (<a href="#dz">DZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The People&apos;s Democratic Republic of Algeria&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.dz/en/">only allows registration by people in or having rights to a name in Algeria</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It seems that registration is done with a <a href="http://www.nic.dz/en/images/pdf_nic/formulaire.pdf"><abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> form</a>, though it is unclear as to if this form is to be emailed or printed and paper mailed.
		However, it doesn&apos;t really matter, as the form requests a telephone number and fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ec">
	<h2>Republic of Ecuador (<a href="#ec">EC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Ecuador&apos;s registry requires a domain length of <a href="https://www.nic.ec/info/eng/structure.htm">at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="https://www.nic.ec/reg/eng/paso5.asp">registration form</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ee">
	<h2>Republic of Estonia (<a href="#ee">EE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Estonia&apos;s registry requires that domains have <a href="https://www.internet.ee/en/domains/">a minimum length of two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="http://eestiinternet.ee/domains/faq">requires a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="eg">
	<h2>Arab Republic of Egypt (<a href="#eg">EG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Arab Republic of Egypt&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://www.nic.eg/">written in Arabic</a> and Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.eg">registrants are required to either have a local presence or use Egyptian <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="http://www.egregistry.eg/Roles&amp;Policies.html">requires a contact in Egypt</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="er">
	<h2>State of Eritrea (<a href="#er">ER</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The State of Eritrea&apos;r registry has no whois server and I am unable to find the registry&apos;s website.
		Wikipedia <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.er">doesn&apos;t seem to have a lot of information either</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.er">Wikipedia</a> says there is no known registry website and <a href="https://www.iana.org/domains/root/db/er.html"><abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr></a> had no registry website on file either.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="es">
	<h2>Kingdom of Spain (<a href="#es">ES</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Spain&apos;s registry allows registrations by anyone <q><a href="http://dominios.es/dominios/en/todo-lo-que-necesitas-saber/normativa/plan-de-dominios">with interests in or ties to Spain</a></q>.
		I&apos;m not sure what that means.
		What constitutes &quot;interests&quot;? Does wanting to speak in their native tongue count? Does having a mild interest in all nations with no exception for theirs count? When searching for a name though, an error saying all names are required to have at least two characters is presented if you search for single-character names.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry <a href="https://www.nic.es/sgnd/contacto/publicAltaCrearContacto.action">requires that you have a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="et">
	<h2>Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia (<a href="#et">ET</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I found what is supposedly the site of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia&apos;s registry.
		The telecom running the registry does more on the site than offer domain names.
		The only page I can find that even mentions domains <a href="http://www.ethionet.et/ipservicedomainname">doesn&apos;t even seem to provide a link to the regulations or a place to register</a>.
		The registry does not even use a whois server, so I can&apos;t get information on short names from there.
		I&apos;m at a complete loss on this one.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry provides a <a href="http://www.ethionet.et/ipservicedomainname">price list</a>, but no obvious way to register and no mention of registering through a third party.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="eu">
	<h2>European Union (<a href="#eu">EU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The European Union&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.eurid.eu/en/get-eu/rules-eu-domain-names">disallows the use of single-character domains</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is <a href="https://eurid.eu/en/get-eu/faq-potential-domain-holders#who-can-register-eu-domain-name">only available in some countries</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fi">
	<h2>Republic of Finland (<a href="#fi">FI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Finland&apos;s registry requires registrants <a href="https://domain.fi/info/en/index/tietoa.html">have a presence in Finland</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry <a href="https://domain.fi/s/EN/Registration/Person/2d10">requires a telephone number for registration</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fj">
	<h2>Republic of Fiji (<a href="#fj">FJ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Fiji&apos;s registry requires domains <a href="http://domains.fj/public/faq.php#11">be at least two characters in length</a> and <a href="http://domains.fj/public/faq.php#14">be at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://domains.fj/auth/checkOrder.php">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fk">
	<h2>Falkland Islands (<a href="#fk">FK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Falkland Islands&apos; registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.fk">registration is available only to residents and only at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I cannot find any mention of domain names on the <a href="https://www.fidc.co.fk/">registry website</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fm">
	<h2>Federated States of Micronesia (<a href="#fm">FM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Federated States of Micronesia&apos;s registry <a href="http://get.fm/content/what-are-character-restrictions-dot-fm-domains">requires domains be at least two characters long</a>.
		Further inspection of the site shows that <a href="http://www.get.fm/premium-domains">single character names may actually be available after all</a>, as they are listed as premium names.
		Acquiring such a name requires filling out a form explaining to the registry why they should grant you the domain you want.
		Most likely, they reject applications by average people, and from the look of the form, they expect you to use if for a successful business only.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not employ a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		When registering an account, setting the telephone number and fax number fields to &quot;no telephone number available&quot; and &quot;no fax number available&quot; works well, but when registering a domain, <a href="https://dot.fm/order3.cfm">you are told the telephone number must be valid</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fo">
	<h2>Faroe Islands (<a href="#fo">FO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Faroe Islands&apos;s registry seems to allow registrations by foreigners, but such registration <a href="https://www.nic.fo/userfiles/2010ensk.pdf">requires a company registration number or passport number</a>.
		Single-character registrations are present in the whois database, so I can only assume that they are accepted.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Those who are not citizens of the Faroe Islands must <a href="https://www.nic.fo/index.php?m_id=200&amp;page=form_register_user2">enter information from their passports</a> to continue.
		<del>I do not have a passport, so I cannot reach the next steps in registration to check for a telephone number requirement.</del> <ins>I lied and said I was a citizen to see the next page of the form.
		Citizens need to enter their birth day instead of entering passport information, but otherwise do not need any proof of identity.
		However, a telephone number is required for the next step in registration.</ins>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fr">
	<h2>French Republic (<a href="#fr">FR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find anything specific on th French Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s website that prohibits general use, but an <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/products-and-services/the-fr-tld/">infographic</a> on the site makes me think the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is only available for use by Europeans.
		Single-character names <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/medias/documents/politiques/Afnic-Registration-Rules-1-and-2-characters.pdf">do seem to be available to locals</a> though.
		UPDATE: Having dealt with this registry&apos;s website some more, I found they keep the answer of availability in an unintuitive place.
		Namely, they keep it under a heading of what the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> stands for.
		<a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">Registration is available only to entities within the European Union and select other countries.</a>
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After choosing a domain, registrants are asked to <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/products-and-services/services/whois/">choose a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ga">
	<h2>Gabonese Republic (<a href="#ga">GA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Gabonese Republic&apos;s registry <a href="http://my.ga/en/faq.html">allows registration by anyone</a>, but the registration form posts to a nonexistent page, so you can&apos;t actually register a name on-site.
		However, like the <a href="#cf">Central African Republic</a>&apos;s registry, the Gabonese Republic&apos;s registry is managed by <a href="http://freenom.com/en/index.html">Freenom</a>, so you can pick up your desired name there.
		A short name will cost $2500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry redirects <a href="http://my.ga/en/index.html">registrations</a> to Freenom, who requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gb">
	<h2>United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (<a href="#gb">GB</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It seems that &quot;GB&quot; is the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland&apos;s official country code, but they got <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> to delegate <a href="#uk"><code>//uk.</code></a> to them <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.gb">before the country code list was fully assembled</a>.
		As a result, <code>//gb.</code> is in disuse, while <code>//uk.</code> has taken the rightful place of <code>//gb.</code>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		As stated above, registration under this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not seem to be available.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gd">
	<h2>Grenada (<a href="#gd">GD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Grenada&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.gd/terms.php">doesn&apos;t seem to have residency requirements for registration</a>.
		Single-character names are allowed, but are of course all registers.
		It&apos;s worth noting that there are a couple language errors in the section explaining what names may be registered.
		Nothing overly confusing, but they did make me test to see if specific names worked.
		First, it says that names must be <q>between</q> one and sixty-three characters long.
		The word &quot;between&quot; is exclusive, but they made the common mistake of using it inclusively.
		I wouldn&apos;t have even brought that error up if not for the second error, which says that the digits one through nine may be used.
		That means that the number zero <strong>*may not*</strong> be used.
		I wasn&apos;t sure at first if this was a typo or a policy intended to prevent confusion between zeros and letter &quot;o&quot;s in names, but upon testing, it appears to be the former.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Direct registration doesn&apos;t seem to be mentioned on the website, but a <a href="http://nic.gd/registrars.php">list of registrars</a> is available.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ge">
	<h2>Georgia (<a href="#ge">GE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Georgia&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="https://nic.net.ge/index.php?page=1&amp;lang=geo">written in Georgian</a> and Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ge">registration requires a presence or representative in Georga</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		From the looks of it, <a href="http://nic.net.ge/">registration requires entering a mobile telephone number</a> before entering any other details! &quot;no number&quot; is considered invalid and anything longer won&apos;t fit in the box.
		Presumably, they send some sort of verification code via <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> before allowing registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gf">
	<h2>Guiana(<a href="#gf">GF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Guiana&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="https://www.nic.gf/">is written in French</a>.
		Attempting to register a short domain name results in an error message stating <q>3 caractères minimum</q>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.dom-enic.com/enregistrer/create.html">registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gg">
	<h2>Bailiwick of Guernsey (<a href="#gg">GG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Bailiwick of Guernsey&apos;s registry&apos;s agreement <a href="http://www.channelisles.net/about-us/legal/">doesn&apos;t mention a residency requirement</a>.
		All single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Use of this <a href="https://www.channelisles.net/">registry</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gh">
	<h2>Republic of Ghana (<a href="#gh">GH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Ghana&apos;s registry&apos;s website serves me a blank page, which is likely an inappropriate response to the fact that my traffic comes from a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit node.
		Wikipedia says the registry <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.gh">doesn&apos;t take second-level registrations any more and only allows registrations for names administrated by residents of the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Many of this <a href="http://www.nic.gh/">registry</a>&apos;s pages are mostly-blamk, showing only the website header.
		No mention is made on the home page (the only working page besides the whois lookup page) of registration, though a supposed link to registrars is in the main navigation menu.
		The registrar list is of course blank like the rest of the website.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gi">
	<h2>Gibraltar (<a href="#gi">GI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Gibraltar&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.gi/rules.gi.html">disallows short domains and allows registration only by local businesses</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://nic.gi/forms/domain.html">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gl">
	<h2>Greenland (<a href="#gl">GL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Greenland&apos;s registry&apos;s agreement is incredibly short and easy to read.
		It <a href="http://nic.gl/registration-agreement">doesn&apos;t mention a residency requirement</a>.
		All single-character domains are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The emailable <a href="http://nic.gl/public/pdf/DomainRegUK.pdf">registration form</a> asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gm">
	<h2>Republic of the Gambia (<a href="#gm">GM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of the Gambia&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.gm/htmlpages/gm-policy.htm">seems to require names registered be either registered by residents or used in some way that is in connection with the country</a>, though it isn&apos;t clear if this is a hard requirement.
		Single letter domains are not allowed.
		I assume that by &quot;letter&quot;, they really mean &quot;character&quot;, which would rule out single-digit domains as well, but I&apos;m not completely sure as there is no whois server to query.
		The registry says it declines applications to register a domain matching a person&apos;s legal name, so I assume names are manually approved or disapproved.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="http://nic.gm/">choosing a name</a>, registrants are asked to find a registrar who will submit the registration request via email.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gn">
	<h2>Republic of Guinea (<a href="#gn">GN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Guinea&apos;s registry requires registrants <a href="https://psg.com/dns/gn/">have a presence in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://psg.com/dns/gn/">requires a presence within the Republic of Guinea</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gp">
	<h2>Guadeloupe (<a href="#gp">GP</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Guadeloupe&apos;s registry has a <a href="http://www.nic.gp/index.php?action=tou">goofy list of requirements</a> that a name meet.
		Some of the requirements seem legitimate, while others probably mean the exact opposite of what they actually say.
		It&apos;s so amusing, I had to paste it here.
		If the terms are taken at face value, short names are allowed, as are names that are longer than the standard allows, but no name is allowed unless it is already registered (or is a reserved name), in which case you may register it and overwrite the old registrant&apos;s registration.
		If we assume some of the conditions are in fact stated as the opposite of what they mean, short names are disallowed.
		I cannot confirm this, as no whois server is employed, but I think it&apos;s a safe guess that this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not make such names available.
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			To be valid, a request for registration of a domain name must meet the following conditions:
		</p>
		<ol type="a">
			<li>
				the request includes complete information about the holder, the administrative contact, the billing contact and the technical contact.
			</li>
			<li>
				the request must be made via the Internet site or by the sending of a downloadable form.
				In this case the form must be sent to register@nic.gp.
			</li>
			<li>
				the domain name includes less than 3 characters or more than 63 characters, subject to legal exceptions.
			</li>
			<li>
				the domain name is identical to a domain name already registered or to a domain name already required but not registered yet;
			</li>
			<li>
				the concerned domain name forms a part of the reserved or prohibited terms list.
				This list is available for consultation on the site of the NIC.GP
			</li>
			<li>
				when international standards require it
			</li>
			<li>
				the applicant does not satisfy the applicable conditions according to article 2.2 and 2.4 in relation to the request for registration, or when the request contains inaccurate data;
			</li>
			<li>
				the holder and/or the billing contact is late for payment or when remains against him invoices not paid for domain names already revoked because of the non-payment of the prices.
			</li>
			<li>
				the manifest danger exists that the NIC.GP can be held juridically responsible because of the registration of the domain name.
			</li>
			<li>
				the NIC.GP does not manage to join the applicant to obtain precise details or when the latter does not answer within 10 working days.
			</li>
		</ol>
	</blockquote>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This <a href="http://www.nic.gp/">registry</a>&apos;s registration form doesn&apos;t allow you to leave the telephone number field blank, but it does allow you to use an arbitrary string such as &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gq">
	<h2>Republic of Equatorial Guinea (<a href="#gq">GQ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Equatorial Guinea&apos;s registry, like the registries of the <a href="#cf">Central African Republic</a> and the <a href="#ga">Gabonese Republic</a>, is run by <a href="http://freenom.com/en/index.html">Freenom</a>.
		Again, this means <a href="https://www.dominio.gq/en/faq.html#c">an open registration policy</a>, a broken registration form on-site, a working registration option on the Freenom site, and a price tag of $2500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year for short domains.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="http://www.dominio.gq/en/index.html">domain selection form</a> redirects to the Freenom website, which requires a telephone number for registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gr">
	<h2>Hellenic Republic (<a href="#gr">GR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Hellenic Republic&apos;s registry <a href="https://grweb.ics.forth.gr/public/faq.jsp?lang=en#f15">allow registration by anyone</a>, but <a href="https://grweb.ics.forth.gr/public/faq.jsp?lang=en#f16">requires domains be at least three characters long</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It appears that <a href="https://grweb.ics.forth.gr/public/reg_info.jsp?lang=en">registration is only available through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gs">
	<h2>South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands (<a href="#gs">GS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands&apos; registry <a href="http://nic.gs/GS/GS-RA-NOV-2011.pdf">doesn&apos;t appear to have a residency requirement</a> and the whois database shows that all single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		No information on registry is given on the <a href="https://cocca.org.nz/">registry website</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gt">
	<h2>Republic of Guatemala (<a href="#gt">GT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Guatemala&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.gt/registration_policy.php?lang=en#sintaxis">allows single-character domains</a> and <a href="http://www.gt/registration_policy.php?lang=en#inscripciones">doesn&apos;t mention a residency requirement</a>.
		This registry does not employ a whois server, so the availability of each name must be checked manually.
		All single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The telephone number field must be filled out on the <a href="http://www.gt/">application</a>, but it can be set to &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gu">
	<h2>Guam (<a href="#gu">GU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Guam&apos;s registry&apos;s website is currently <a href="http://gadao.gov.gu/">under construction</a>.
		Wikipedai says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.gu">registration requires a contact in Guam</a>, but the construction page at the registry website links to the United States Patent and Trademark Office, making me think that maybe after the construction is complete, the registry may open its doors to outsiders.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="http://gadao.gov.gu/">website</a> is still under construction after over seven months.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gw">
	<h2>Republic of Guinea-Bissau (<a href="#gw">GW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Guinea-Bissau&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.gw/en/rules/">allows registration by anyone, but the registrant must supply their tax Identification number</a>.
		Single-character domains are disallowed.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not make a whois server available.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://nic.gw/en/domain-registration/">registration form</a> says that a telephone number is not mandatory, but a <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> number is required.
		I tried setting the <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> number to &quot;none&quot; because my country doesn&apos;t issue <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> numbers, and that seems to work.
		However, no matter what domain I enter, I am told that the domain is invalid.
		If I include the <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> in the domain, I am told that I need to remove it.
		If I leave it out, I&apos;m told that the domain is invalid but am not told why.
		I&apos;m not sure how to register a domain using this website.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="gy">
	<h2>Co-operative Republic of Guyana (<a href="#gy">GY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Co-operative Republic of Guyana&apos;s registry <a href="https://registry.gy/faq.html">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		All single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is done via some sort of <a href="https://registry.gy/download/gy_domain_registration.txt">text-based form</a>, though it is not clear where the completed form should be sent or via what medium (email, postal mail, fax, et cetera).
		The registration form requests both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="hk">
	<h2>Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People&apos;s Republic of China (<a href="#hk">HK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People&apos;s Republic of China&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.hkirc.hk/pdf/form/RAP_Policies_Procedures_Guidelines_eng.pdf">allows registration by everyone and doesn&apos;t seem to have a policy against short names</a>.
		It&apos;s worth noting that domains cost <a href="https://www.hkdnr.hk/pdf/HKDNR-Registration_Agreement_14_12_23_Eng.pdf">200 <abbr title="Hong Kong Dollars">HKD</abbr> per year</a> and come in bundles of two, one Chinese and one English.
		Attempting to search for a single-character name via the whois server or via the website results in an <q>Incorrect input</q> error, and all single character labels are on the <a href="https://www.hkdnr.hk/content.jsp?id=138">list of reserved domains</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="https://www.hkdnr.hk/content.jsp?id=131">registration form</a> keeps having issues.
		Upon submission, I&apos;ll often get a blank page instead of the next page of the form, and I&apos;ll have to start the application process over.
		I&apos;ll try again later.
		<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> I tried back about a week later with the same results.
		I think the registration form is just broken and it&apos;s too much effort to try to figure out if registration is possible.
		Even if it is possible, I can&apos;t recommend using this registry because of how painful it is to work with.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="hm">
	<h2>Territory of Heard Island and McDonald Islands (<a href="#hm">HM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Territory of Heard Island and McDonald Islands&apos; registry <a href="http://www.registry.hm/">allow registration by anyone</a>, but require labels be <a href="http://www.registry.hm/HR_conditions.php">at least three characters long</a>.
		The whois registry for this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> always times out before delivering a response.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://www.registry.hm/HR_add_contact2.php?">Registering a domain contact requires a telephone number.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="hn">
	<h2>Republic of Honduras (<a href="#hn">HN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Honduras&apos; registry&apos;s website is behind a CloudFlare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall, and as such, I refuse to link to it.
		Furthermore, if you actually fill out the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>s, you are met with a 403 (Forbidden) error.
		I tried a couple proxies, and got the same error, so it may or may not be an <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address-based 403 error.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s website is blocked by a stupid CloudFlare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>.
		If you break down and fill out the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>, you see that both the English and Spanish versions of the registration page are broken.
		I will not even link to this registry because they use CloudFlare to serve <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>s to <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="hr">
	<h2>Republic of Croatia (<a href="#hr">HR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Croatia&apos;s registry <a href="http://dns.hr/en/registration">only allows registration by entities with a connection to the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I&apos;m having trouble finding the information I&apos;m looking for on the <a href="https://dns.hr/portal/home">registry website</a> because they took down the English version of the website that they once had available.
		<a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.hr">Wikipedia</a> says that registration in the <q>.com.hr</q> name space is available to outsiders, but only if they have a local contact.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ht">
	<h2>Republic of Haiti (<a href="#ht">HT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Haiti&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://nic.ht/">written in French</a>.
		All single-character names have been registered though, and registrant locations seem to be all over the globe.
		The one down side is a hight price of registration, but it is lower than some of the high-priced options.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It&apos;s hard to tell because I don&apos;t read French, but it looks like registrations must be taken through <a href="http://nic.ht/2013-08-08-19-15-46/prestataires-internationaux">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="hu">
	<h2>Hungary (<a href="#hu">HU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Hungary&apos;s registry requires registrants <a href="http://domain.hu/domain/English/szabalyzat/szabalyzat.html">have ties to the European Union</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry only accepts registration through <a href="http://domain.hu/domain/English/">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="id">
	<h2>Republic of Indonesia (<a href="#id">ID</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Indonesia&apos;s registry&apos;s site is <a href="https://pandi.id/">written in Indonesian</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.id">a presence in the country is required for registration</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It appears that <a href="https://pandi.id/content/pendaftaran-domain">registration is only done through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ie">
	<h2>Republic of Ireland (<a href="#ie">IE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Ireland&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.iedr.ie/register-a-domain/registration-requirements/">requires registrants have a presence in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.iedr.ie/register-a-domain/registration-requirements/">Registration requires a connection to Ireland.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="il">
	<h2>State of Israel (<a href="#il">IL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The State of Israel&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.isoc.org.il/domains/il-domain-rules.html">does not allow registrations on the second level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry highly recommends performing registration through a registrar, but also <a href="https://register.isoc.org.il/register/disclaimer.php?reg=new">offers in-house registrations</a> for those that want it.
		However, this registration form does require a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="im">
	<h2>Isle of Man (<a href="#im">IM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Isle of Man&apos;s registry doesn&apos;t seem to have any residency-based restrictions it its <a href="https://www.nic.im/pdfs/termsandconditions.pdf">terms of service</a> or in its <a href="https://www.nic.im/pdfs/imfaqs.pdf">frequently-asked questions</a>.
		However, <a href="https://www.nic.im/public/pricing.mth">registration costs £995 per year</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://www.nic.im/registration/register.mth">registration form</a> asks for a telephone number and fax number, but neither is mandatory.
		<abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers are not included by default, but they can be added for a small fee.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="in">
	<h2>Republic of India (<a href="#in">IN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of India&apos;s registry <a href="https://registry.in/General%20FAQs">reserves all single-character names</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry welcomes registration by anyone, but <a href="https://registry.in/How%20to%20Register">requires these registrations be sent through a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="io">
	<h2>British Indian Ocean Territory (<a href="#io">IO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The British Indian Ocean Territory&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.io/rules.html">reserves some single-character labels</a>, but <code>//n.io.</code>, <code>//r.io.</code>, <code>//v.io.</code>, and <code>//x.io.</code> are not reserved.
		They are, however, registered.
		Registration is available at both the second and third level.
		In the rules document, which covers both second ant third level registration, third-level registration is stated to require a presence in the country.
		As this requirement is not mentioned for second-level registration, I assume it is not present.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This <a href="https://nic.io/">registry</a> demands a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="iq">
	<h2>Republic of Iraq (<a href="#iq">IQ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Iraq&apos;s registry <a href="https://cmc.iq/~cmciq/en/pdfcmc/IQ/EN/Domain%20Name%20Registration%20Policy.pdf">requires labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry is currently blocking my <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
		I&apos;ll check back later when my <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address has changed.
		<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> The website is still blocking my <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address several <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address changes later.
		I give up.
		Furthermore, it seems that the website blocking me is not the official registry website as denoted on the <a href="http://www.iana.org/domains/root/db/iq.html"><abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> information page</a> and the official registry website is down.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ir">
	<h2>Islamic Republic of Iran (<a href="#ir">IR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Islamic Republic of Iran&apos;s registry appears to allow registration by anyone, provided said registration and use of the name <a href="https://www.nic.ir/Terms_and_Conditions_ir,_Appendix_1_Domain_Rules#Who_May_Apply"><q>are not in conflict with the laws, practices and interests of the Islamic Republic of Iran</q></a>.
		However, <a href="https://www.nic.ir/Terms_and_Conditions_ir,_Appendix_1_Domain_Rules#Domain_Format">labels must be at least three characters long</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.nic.ir/Create_New_Handle">Registration</a> requires a telephone number unless you choose to get a limited account that can only be used for contact information on other peoples&apos; domains.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="is">
	<h2>Iceland (<a href="#is">IS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Iceland&apos;s registry <a href="https://isnic.is/en/domain/rules.php#2">doesn&apos;t mention a minimum character limit</a> for names.
		Likewise, I can&apos;t see any residency requirements.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="https://isnic.is/en/contact/new">registration form</a> asks for both a telephone number of unspecified type as well as a mobile telephone number, but neither are mandatory.
		The mobile number is hidden from the whois records and the other contact information is hidden upon request with no additional charge.
		No <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> service is provided, so you need to bring your own <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers or use the parking/forwarding options.
		Forwarding includes both email and Web forwarding.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="it">
	<h2>Italian Republic (<a href="#it">IT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Italian Republic&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.it/faq-en/how-long-can-a-domain-name-be">requires labels be at least three characters long</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is <a href="http://www.nic.it/en/faq#t127n81932">only available to those with a local presence</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="je">
	<h2>Bailiwick of Jersey (<a href="#je">JE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Bailiwick of Jersey&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.channelisles.net/about-us/legal/">doesn&apos;t mention a residency requirement</a>.
		All single-character names are registered, aside from <code>//u.je.</code>, which seems to have been set aside for &quot;internal use&quot;.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Use of this <a href="https://www.channelisles.net/">registry</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="jm">
	<h2>Jamaica (<a href="#jm">JM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Jamaica&apos;s registry provides no more than a <a href="https://www.mona.uwi.edu/mits/sites/default/files/mits/domain_name_form.txt">registration form</a> that is to be filled out and emailed to the domain master.
		No policies about what names are allowed and who may register them can be found.
		For that matter, I&apos;m not sure how one is supposed to pay for the registered domain.
		There is also no whois server, so I can&apos;t use that to check for the presence of single-character names.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is done via an <a href="http://www.mona.uwi.edu/mits/sites/default/files/mits/domain_name_form.txt">emailed form</a> that requests a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="jo">
	<h2>Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan (<a href="#jo">JO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://nitc.gov.jo/NITC.aspx">written in Arabic</a>, even after clicking the &quot;English&quot; link.
		Wikipedia says some sort of <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.jo">official documents are required for registration</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://dns.jo/Registration_policy.aspx">The administrative contact must have an address in Jordan.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="jp">
	<h2>Japan (<a href="#jp">JP</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Japan&apos;s registry <a href="http://jprs.co.jp/en/regist.html#q3">requires registrants have a permanent postal address in the country</a>.
		<a href="http://jprs.co.jp/en/regist.html#q7">Labels must also consist of at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration requires a <a href="http://jprs.co.jp/en/jpdomain.html">postal address in Japan</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ke">
	<h2>Republic of Kenya (<a href="#ke">KE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Kenya&apos;s registry&apos;s website doesn&apos;t seem to mention any eligibility requirements or label restrictions for registration at the second level.
		However, their availability checker <a href="tent&amp;view=article&amp;id=223&amp;Itemid=641">doesn&apos;t offer checking of second-level domains</a>, so I assume second-level domains cannot be registered.
		A scan of the whois database shows that no single-character second-level domains are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="http://kenic.or.ke/index.php/en/">choosing a domain</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kg">
	<h2>Kyrgyz Republic (<a href="#kg">KG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Kyrgyz Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s policies <a href="https://www.domain.kg/regulation.htm">don&apos;t seem to mention restrictions based on label size or location of the registrant</a>.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		First, you must register a handle, which requires a telephone number.
		The telephone number has a length limit, but can be set to arbitrary strings such as &quot;no telephone service&quot;.
		On the <a href="https://domain.kg/dmn_n.shtml">domain choosing page</a>, entering <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> text is required, but there is no visible <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> image.
		This is because the page is written in <abbr title="Server Side Include-enabled Hypertext Markup Language">SHTML</abbr>, but the server is not rendering it as such.
		You need to find the <abbr title="Standard Generalised Markup Language">SGML</abbr> comment in the source, load the address provided in a separate tab, then add the code from the include to the code of the main webpage by editing the copy of the webpage that exists in the Web browser.
		This causes the form to work in Iceweasel and probably other Mozilla-based browsers, I haven&apos;t checked in other Web browsers.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kh">
	<h2>Kingdom of Cambodia (<a href="#kh">KH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Cambodia&apos;s registry&apos;s forms seem to be <a href="http://trc.gov.kh/index.php/en/newsCategory/view?id=42&amp;detail_id=68">written in Khmer</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.kh">registration is only available at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The registry is supposedly run by <a href="http://www.tc.com.kh/">some telecom</a>, but I cannot find any information about domain names on their website.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ki">
	<h2>Republic of Kiribati (<a href="#ki">KI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Republic of Kiribati&apos;s current website.
		Their whois server claims you&apos;ve exceeded your lookup quota even on the first lookup attempt, and will not yield useful information, so I do not know if any single-character labels are available or registered.
		Wikipedia <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ki">doesn&apos;t mention any restrictions on label length or residency requirements</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="http://www.nic.ki/">website</a> appears to be down.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="km">
	<h2>Union of the Comoros (<a href="#km">KM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Union of the Comoros&apos; registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://domaine.km/">written in Comorian</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.km">registration at the second level is subject to local presence requirements</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It took a lot longer to find the information on this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> than it should have.
		It seems that <a href="http://domaine.km/documents/form_nom_domaine.pdf">registration is done via a <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> form</a>, though I&apos;m not sure if you mail it or email it.
		The form asks for a telephone number though, so it doesn&apos;t really matter which.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kn">
	<h2>Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis (<a href="#kn">KN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevis&apos; registry <a href="http://nic.kn/?q=node/8">requires labels consist of at least three characters</a>.
		This registry does not make a whois server available.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I&apos;m not sure if the <a href="http://nic.kn/sites/nic.kn/files/kn%20Domain%20Registration.pdf">registration form</a> is to be sent by email or paper mail, but it asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kp">
	<h2>Democratic People&apos;s Republic of Korea (<a href="#kp">KP</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I cannot locate the Democratic People&apos;s Republic of Korea&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.kp">registration is only available to entities based in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.star.co.kp/">registry website</a> seems to be down right now.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kr">
	<h2>Republic of Korea (<a href="#kr">KR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Korea&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="https://kisa.or.kr/main.jsp">written in Korean</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.kr">registration requires a local presence within the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t tell what I&apos;m doing on the <a href="http://krnic.or.kr/index.jsp">registry website</a> because I don&apos;t read Korean.
		If you perform a whois search on a domain that does not yet exist, you are presented with the option to register it, but clicking on the registration link pulls up a large table of features.
		My best guess is that this is a table of registrars that shows the features that they offer.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kw">
	<h2>State of Kuwait (<a href="#kw">KW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The State of Kuwait&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.kw/faq.asp#Is%20a%20local%20presence%20in%20Kuwait%20required%20for%20us%20to%20register%20a%20domain%20name%20under%20.kw">requires registrants have a local presence</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not have a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		A <a href="http://www.kw/faq.asp#Is%20a%20local%20presence%20in%20Kuwait%20required%20for%20us%20to%20register%20a%20domain%20name%20under%20.kw">local presence</a> is required for registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ky">
	<h2>Cayman Islands (<a href="#ky">KY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Cayman Islands&apos; registry <a href="http://www.icta.ky/domain-policies">only makes registration available to qualified Cayman entities</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="http://www.icta.ky/">choosing a name</a>, a registrant is redirected to Uniregistry, who requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="kz">
	<h2>Republic of Kazakhstan (<a href="#kz">KZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Kazakhstan&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.kz/rules/index.jsp">requires the name be used with servers within the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://nic.kz/">checking the availability of a name</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="la">
	<h2>Lao People&apos;s Democratic Republic (<a href="#la">LA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Lao People&apos;s Democratic Republic&apos;s registry is <a href="https://www.la/about">masquerading as the registry for Los Angeles</a>.
		I have seen <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s disassociate them selves from their country in an effort to boost potential customers, but this registry additionally claims the <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> represents someone else entirely.
		I have not seen anything like this before.
		It&apos;s not even just some other country, this country has handed it&apos;s <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> over to a mere city! Further searching shows <a href="https://www.la/faqs/#faq-23">an admission that <code>//la.</code> means &quot;Laos&quot; and not &quot;Los Angeles&quot;, and also that registration has been open to everyone worldwide since 2000</a>.
		Most single-character names seem to be banned, but a few still exist in the whois records.
		Likely, they were registered before a character limitation was added, and just as likely, the only way to acquire one is through a previous registrant.
		If they expire, they are probably gone for good.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		A telephone number is required for <a href="https://www.la/e/checkout_login">registration</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lb">
	<h2>Lebanese Republic (<a href="#lb">LB</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Lebanese Republic&apos;s registry seems to contradict itself a little in its terms, but I think it&apos;s just a matter of them not being fluent in English but being kind enough to make their terms available to us English-readers.
		If I understand correctly, <a href="https://aub.edu.lb/lbdr/Documents/faq.pdf">registration at the second level is available only to Lebanese trademark-holding businesses and must be at least two characters long</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I think this <a href="https://www.aub.edu.lb/lbdr/Documents/lbdrc.txt">contact person application</a> is needed before the domain name application can be used and it asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lc">
	<h2>Saint Lucia (<a href="#lc">LC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Saint Lucia&apos;s registry says that <a href="http://www.nic.lc/rules.htm">single-character labels are permitted</a>, but if you check the whois database, all single-character labels have been registered by the registry itself, and are therefor not likely intended to be available.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is done <a href="http://www.nic.lc/email-example-create.txt">by email</a> and the form asks for a telephine number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="li">
	<h2>Principality of Liechtenstein (<a href="#li">LI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Principality of Liechtenstein&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.li/faqs/general.html#swiss">does not have a residency requirement</a>.
		However, <a href="https://www.nic.li/faqs/general.html#rules">labels are required to be at least three characters long</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It appears that domains at this registry <a href="https://www.nic.li/faqs/">may only be registered through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lk">
	<h2>Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka (<a href="#lk">LK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Attempting to search for a single-character domain on the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka&apos;s website generates the message <a href="http://nic.lk/"><q>Sorry.
		We do not register single character domains.
		Please correct the domain name and retry</q></a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This registry claims that <a href="http://www.nic.lk/lksearch.php">a telephone number is required</a>, but leaving it blank on the form seems to work as well.
		It&apos;s hard to say for sure that domains can be registered by anyone under this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, but I think that they can.
		The registry website <a href="http://nic.lk/index.php/domain-registration/lk-domain-naming-structure">explicitly say that there is a restriction on domains under <code>//lr.</code>, <code>//com.lr.</code>, <code>//edu.lr.</code>, or <code>//org.lr.</code></a> but the registration form seems to be geared toward corporate users and requests the registrant&apos;s business registration number or a valid reason why you don&apos;t have one.
		Upon searching for a domain, a potential registrant is presented with the above name space options as well as seven others that seem to be equally unrestricted.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lr">
	<h2>Republic of Liberia (<a href="#lr">LR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Liberia&apos;s registry <a href="https://psg.com/dns/lr/">requires registrants have a presence in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://psg.com/dns/lr/">registration requires a local presence.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ls">
	<h2>Kingdom of Lesotho (<a href="#ls">LS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Lesotho&apos;s registry <a href="http://co.ls/">seems to allow international registration subject to a set of terms, but won&apos;t actually say what those terms are</a>.
		No whois server is available for this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, but when attempting to perform a whois query, you are informed about a Web whois interface.
		At the top of the page, it is <a href="http://co.ls/co.asp">labeled as being the lookup form for <code>//co.ls.</code> and <code>//org.ls.</code></a>, leading me to believe second-level registration is not available.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is done via an <a href="http://co.ls/domain%20reg%20international.txt">emailed form</a> that requests a telephone number
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lt">
	<h2>Republic of Lithuania (<a href="#lt">LT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Lithuania&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.domreg.lt/public?pg=8A7FB6&amp;sp=reglament">allows international registration</a>.
		However, they require labels consist of at least two characters.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registrations are <a href="https://www.domreg.lt/public?sp=registerlt">only taken through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lu">
	<h2>Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (<a href="#lu">LU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.dns.lu/en/support/general-information/domain-name-policy-lu-charter/">allows registration by anyone, but requires a minimum length of three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://www.dns.lu/online/NewAccount.do">registration form</a> requests both a telephone number and a fax number but they are both labeled as optional.
		Once you have filled out the initial form, you will be sent an email address verification letter that leads back to the website, this time with a form that requires you to enter a second email address.
		If you enter an email address from the same domain as the first, you will be told that this does not work and that the second email address must not rely on the same domain, likely in case this domain is lost or compromised.
		The second email address is labeled as being required, but I tried submitting the form with the field blank when it wouldn&apos;t take another email address from my domain and that seemed to work.
		Once that is set up, you must find both &quot;contacts&quot; and &quot;holders&quot; in the side navigation menu and enter your information again.
		Once more, a telephone number and fax number are requested but are optional.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="lv">
	<h2>Republic of Latvia (<a href="#lv">LV</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Latvia&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.lv/resource/show/56">requires labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.nic.lv/client/new_user/">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ly">
	<h2>Libya (<a href="#ly">LY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Libya&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.ly/lyregistrars.php">requires a local presence for the registration of short domains</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://nic.ly/steps.php">Registrations are only taken through registrars.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ma">
	<h2>Kingdom of Morocco (<a href="#ma">MA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Morocco&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://www.nic.ma/">written in Arabic</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ma">registration requires a contact in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I think that the <a href="http://www.registre.ma/?page_id=128">website</a> says that registration must be performed through a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mc">
	<h2>Principality of Monaco (<a href="#mc">MC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Principality of Monaco&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.mc/procedures/mcNicProcedures-us.html">only allows registration by Monegasque companies</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is <a href="http://www.nic.mc/mcNicMain-us.html">only available to locals</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="md">
	<h2>Republic of Moldova (<a href="#md">MD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Moldova&apos;s registry&apos;s website is a bit wacky.
		If you go to <a href="http://nic.md/">http://nic.md/</a>, the domain availability-checking form redirects to a different more expensive registrar site.
		However, if you instead visit <a href="http://www.nic.md/">http://<strong>www.</strong>nic.md/</a>, the site does not redirect to another site, and instead just gives you a strait answer as to whether the domain is available or not.
		Besides this bizarrely different form behavior, the two sites seem to be identical in every way.
		This registry does not use a whois database and all single-character labels are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.nic.md/">registration form</a> is a pain to use.
		It only allows you to specify some countries as the one you are in, but at least some of the larger countries, including my own, are omitted.
		If your browser will allow you to, you can edit the markup of the page to add your own country code, but you must edit four different spots on the page to do so.
		The telephone number field must be filled out and has a length limit, but &quot;no telephone service&quot; fits and is accepted.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="me">
	<h2>Montenegro (<a href="#me">ME</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Montenegro&apos;s registry reserves certain names that they feel are valuable, including all single-character names.
		The terms of allocation of premium names <a href="https://domain.me/files/allocationcriteria.pdf">forbids allocation to individuals and single-person companies</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://domain.me/">choosing a name</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mg">
	<h2>Republic of Madagascar (<a href="#mg">MG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Republic of Madagascar&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://nic.mg/">written in Malagasy</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.mg">registration is only open to companies, organizations, and trademark-holders</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registrations are <a href="http://nic.mg/">only</a> taken through registrars.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mh">
	<h2>Republic of the Marshall Islands (<a href="#mh">MH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of the Marshall Islands&apos; registry&apos;s website <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.mh">has been down for a while</a>, according to Wikipedia.
		Registration by any entity, within or without the country, does not seem to be possible for the time being.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.nic.net.mh/">registry website</a> appears to be down right now.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mk">
	<h2>Republic of Macedonia (<a href="#mk">MK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Republic of Macedonia&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.mk/">only allows registration by companies in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://nic.mk/">Registration</a> is only available to companies within the country.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ml">
	<h2>Republic of Mali (<a href="#ml">ML</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Mali&apos;s registry, like the registries of the <a href="#cf">Central African Republic</a>, the <a href="#ga">Gabonese Republic</a>, and the <a href="#gq">Republic of Equatorial Guinea</a>, is operated by <a href="http://freenom.com/en/index.html">Freenom</a>.
		As usual, that means <a href="http://point.ml/en/faq.html#b">registration is open to all</a>, the <a href="http://point.ml/en/index.html?lang=en">site&apos;s own registration form</a> is broken, and single-character names are available on the Freenom site for $2500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.point.ml/en/index.html?lang=en">registration form</a> redirects to the Freenom website, which requires a telephone number for registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mm">
	<h2>Republic of the Union of Myanmar (<a href="#mm">MM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of the Union of Myanmar&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.mm/pay.html">only accepts registration on the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry <a href="http://www.mmnic.net.mm/cart.php?a=checkout">requires one enter a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mn">
	<h2>Mongolia (<a href="#mn">MN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Mongolia&apos;s registry <a href="http://file.domain.mn/Domain_name_registration_policies.pdf">requires a length of at least two characters for any label being registered</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://nic.mn/domain-check.php">domain search</a> form keeps having connection issues.
		I will try back later.
		<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> Connection issues are still rampant here.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mo">
	<h2>Macao Special Administrative Region of the People&apos;s Republic of China (<a href="#mo">MO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Macao Special Administrative Region of the People&apos;s Republic of China&apos;s registry <a href="https://monic.mo/monic/faces/regulation">requires registrants be present in the country</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://monic.mo/monic/faces/regulation">Registration seems to require a local presence.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mp">
	<h2>Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (<a href="#mp">MP</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands&apos; registry <a href="http://get.mp/site/page/view/udrp.registration-and-service-agreement">doesn&apos;t seem to have any restrictions on usage</a>, aside from their stance against fraud.
		Unfortunately, single-character names are considered premium, and there are no particular requirements made public about how to acquire these names.
		Instead, the potential registrant is asked to <a href="http://get.mp/domains/search?domain=i">contact the registry</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is available without a telephone number, though is some parts of the site, you will need to be creative and specify your telephone number as &quot;no telephone available&quot; or some other non-telephone-number string.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mq">
	<h2>Martinique (<a href="#mq">MQ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Martinique&apos;s registry&apos;s website seems to be in French, but it&apos;s pretty clear from the output of the form there that <a href="https://www.nic.mq/">registered labels must contain at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		When attempting to register a domain, you get redirected to another website that <a href="https://www.dom-enic.com/enregistrer/create.html">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mr">
	<h2>Islamic Republic of Mauritania (<a href="#mr">MR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Islamic Republic of Mauritania&apos;s registry&apos;s website seems to be in French, but I&apos;m fairly certain it says that <a href="http://www.nic.mr/nomdomaine.htm">registered labels must consist of a minimum of three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registrants must have a <a href="http://www.nic.mr/questions.htm">representative</a> within the country.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ms">
	<h2>Montserrat (<a href="#ms">MS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Montserrat&apos;s registry both says that <a href="http://nic.ms/pdf/MS_Domain_Name_Rules.pdf">the minimum label length is one character and explicitly states that single- and double-character names are allowed</a>.
		Registration is also open to all.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://secure.domains.mninet.ms/">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mt">
	<h2>Republic of Malta (<a href="#mt">MT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Malta&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.nic.org.mt/dotmt/policy.php">only permits registration on the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		While there are no residency requirements, <a href="https://www.nic.org.mt/dotmt/">you must be registering on behalf of an organization of some sort</a>, not as an individual, in order to qualify for a name.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mu">
	<h2>Republic of Mauritius (<a href="#mu">MU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Mauritius&apos; registry&apos;s terms <a href="http://www.nic.mu/index.php/registration-agreement.html">don&apos;t mention a residency requirement</a>.
		All single-character labels are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://www.nic.mu/">Registrations are taken through registrars.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mv">
	<h2>Republic of the Maldives (<a href="#mv">MV</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t locate the Republic of the Maldives&apos;s registry&apos;s website and this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> doesn&apos;t employ a whois server, but Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.mv">registration is available at the second level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.dhivehinet.net.mv/">registry website</a> appears to be down right now.
		Further inspection reveals that <a href="https://www.iana.org/domains/root/db/mv.html"><abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> does not have a registration website on file</a>, so the presumed registry website bight not even be legitimate.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mw">
	<h2>Republic of Malawi (<a href="#mw">MW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Malawi&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.registrar.mw/">makes registration open to everyone</a>.
		This registry does not use a whois server and the Web-based whois database lookup interface is a pain to use if you are looking for specific names.
		All single-character labels are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This registry does not seem to accept email addresses using a domain containing a single-character label, such as the email addresses I have here at my domain.
		Using an email alias service, I was able to confirm that registration seems to work without a telephone number or fax number, though registrations are processed manually.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mx">
	<h2>United Mexican States (<a href="#mx">MX</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The United Mexican States&apos; registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://nicmexico.mx/">written in Spanish</a>.
		Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.mx">registration is open to everyone</a>, but the whois records show that not even one single-character domain is registered.
		Most likely, single-character domains are not available for registration.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t seem to find a direct answer to whether or not registration is available directly through the registry, but there is this <a href="https://www.registry.mx/jsf/static_content/rar/model.jsf">infographic</a> that suggests that it is not possible.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="my">
	<h2>Malaysia (<a href="#my">MY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Malaysia&apos;s registry won&apos;t allow me to access the regular version of its website, instead continually redirecting me to the <a href="http://m.mynic.my/">mobile version</a> every time I try to access the desktop version.
		All single-character domains are registered by Malaysians, so there may be a residency requirement.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After choosing a name, registrants are asked to <a href="https://www.mynic.my/en/reseller-list.php">choose a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mz">
	<h2>Republic of Mozambique (<a href="#mz">MZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Mozambique&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://www.domains.co.mz/">written in Portuguese</a>.
		Based on the content of the homepage, registration is likely only available at the third level.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration requires that a <a href="http://www.ciuem.mz/images/form_domin.pdf"><abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> form</a> be <strong>*both*</strong> emailed and sent via postal mail.
		The form asks for both a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="na">
	<h2>Republic of Namibia (<a href="#na">NA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Namibia&apos;s registry keeps a <a href="http://www.na-nic.com.na/attachments/010_foreignreg.pdf">list of registrars for use by foreign registrants</a>, meaning that registration is available to foreigners.
		I can&apos;t find any information on the site about minimum length requirements, and three short names exist in the whois database.
		However, registration for names, long or short, is expensive.
		The price varies by registrar, but is in the thousands per year.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		No registration information is given, but a <a href="http://www.na-nic.com.na/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=category&amp;id=11:information-for-domain-name-registrants&amp;Itemid=8&amp;layout=default">registrar list</a> is presented instead, so registration is probably only available through registrars.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="nc">
	<h2>New Caledonia (<a href="#nc">NC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		New Caledonia&apos;s registry&apos;s website is French, but I&apos;m pretty sure it says that <a href="http://domaine.nc/en/faq.html#017">labels must be at least three characters long</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://domaine.nc/enr1">Registration</a> as an individual requires six months of consecutive residency while registration otherwise requires your organization be registered with the country&apos;s government.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ne">
	<h2>Republic of Niger (<a href="#ne">NE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Niger&apos;s registry seems to be having technical difficulties with its website.
		When visiting, guests are greeted with a <a href="http://www.intnet.ne/"><code>phpinfo()</code> page</a>.
		Wikipedia <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ne">doesn&apos;t have a whole lot of information</a> on this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> and it has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.intnet.ne/">registry website</a> displays only a <code>phpinfo()</code> page, so until that is fixed, direct registration is not available.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="nf">
	<h2>Norfolk Island (<a href="#nf">NF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Norfolk Island&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.nf/norfolk/NF-RA-NOV-2011.pdf">doesn&apos;t mention any residency requirements</a>.
		All single-character names are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		No information on actually performing a registration seems to be <a href="https://cocca.org.nz/">available</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ng">
	<h2>Federal Republic of Nigeria (<a href="#ng">NG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Federal Republic of Nigeria&apos;s registry doesn&apos;t allow viewing its policies in-browser, but you can <a href="http://www.nira.org.ng/index.php/legal/policy-documents">download the policy documents from the website</a>.
		The whois server says that all single-character names are reserved.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://nira.org.ng/index.php/membership-form-2">registration form</a> does not like my email address, though I can&apos;t figure out specifically why.
		It&apos;s not specifically my email address though, the form complains about every valid email address I can think of, claiming that none of them can receive mail.
		Submit the form anyway; the email will go through.
		The telephone number field cannot be left blank, so fill it in with &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
		Upon submission, the form will complain that your telephone number is not an integer, then will convert it to zero.
		You didn&apos;t enter this value, so it isn&apos;t your problem.
		Submit the form again, this time having a zero in the telephone number field, and it will accept it.
		Although, I do think that this is technically lying, saying that your telephone number is &quot;0&quot;, so I will not include this in the list of usable <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ni">
	<h2>Republic of Nicaragua (<a href="#ni">NI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Nicaragua&apos;s registry&apos;s website is written in Spanish, but from what I can tell from the homepage, <a href="http://www.nic.ni/index.php?s=1">names are registered at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://www.nic.ni/index.php?s=7">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="nl">
	<h2>Netherlands (<a href="#nl">NL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Netherlands&apos; registry <a href="https://www.sidn.nl/downloads/terms-and-conditions/General%20Terms%20and%20Conditions%20for%20.nl%20Registrants.pdf">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		The whois server says single-character labels are invalid.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://www.sidn.nl/a/nl-domain-name/registering-a-domain-name">must</a> be carried out through a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="no">
	<h2>Kingdom of Norway (<a href="#no">NO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Norway&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.norid.no/navnepolitikk.en.html#link3">requires labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://www.norid.no/en/domeneregistrering/registrere/">requires</a> a Norwegian postal address.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="np">
	<h2>Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal (<a href="#np">NP</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal&apos;s registry <a href="http://register.mos.com.np/terms-and-conditions">only allows registration at the third level and requires registered names be connected with the registrant</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="http://register.mos.com.np/about-np-domain">requires</a> a local presence.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="nr">
	<h2>Republic of Nauru (<a href="#nr">NR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Republic of Nauru&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.nr">registration at the second level is unrestricted</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not employ a whois server, so I don&apos;t know id single-character labels are permitted.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://cenpac.net.nr/dns/contactmodif.html">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="nu">
	<h2>Niue (<a href="#nu">NU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Niue&apos;s registry <a href="https://nunames.nu/who-needs-a-NU-domain/">allows registration by anyone</a> and <a href="https://nunames.nu/terms-and-conditions/">allows single-character registrations</a>.
		All single-character labels have already been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://www.iis.se/english/registrars/nu/">requires a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="nz">
	<h2>New Zealand (<a href="#nz">NZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		New Zealand&apos;s registry <a href="http://anyname.nz/faq.html#general">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		All single-character names currently have either a <a href="http://anyname.nz/faq.html#prrpreferentialregistrationorreservationstatus">preferential registration eligibility</a> status or a <a href="http://anyname.nz/faq.html#conflicted-names">conflicted</a> status, both of which mean that I cannot register them.
		If by March 30 (March 29 in my time zone) the people with preferential eligibility have decided not to act on these great opportunities, others such as myself may get a crack at them.
		This registry licenses the content of its website under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License, further boosting its appeal to free culturalists such as myself.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The registry&apos;s <a href="https://nzrs.net.nz/">home page</a> mentions registrars, but does not mention a way to register directly with the registry.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="om">
	<h2>Sultanate of Oman (<a href="#om">OM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Sultanate of Oman&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.registry.om/om/en/?page_id=36">reserves second-level labels for governmental use</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="http://www.registry.om/om/en/?page_id=36">requires</a> the registrant be a registered entity within the country.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pa">
	<h2>Republic of Panama (<a href="#pa">PA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Panama&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.pa/egh/politicas.html">requires labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not have a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		Registration of <a href="http://nic.pa/egh/subdominio.html">third-level domains</a> seems to be restricted and the the <a href="http://nic.pa/">registration form</a> doesn&apos;t offer the option to register third-level domains.
		However, the domain search for offers second-level domains as an option, though there is no option to register from there.
		I&apos;m confused as to whether second-level registrations are taken at all, and if they are, whether they are restricted or not.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pe">
	<h2>Republic of Peru (<a href="#pe">PE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Peru&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="https://punto.pe/">written in Spanish</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.pe">registration is available at the second level and is unrestricted</a>, though implies that ties with Peru are needed for registration at the third level.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://punto.pe/registro.php">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pf">
	<h2>French Polynesia (<a href="#pf">PF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		French Polynesia&apos;s registry&apos;s website is written in French, but I&apos;m pretty sure it says that <a href="http://gobin.info/domainname/formulaire-pf.pdf">single-character labels are allowed</a>.
		However, Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.pf">a local presence is required for registrarion</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://whois.registry.pf/">registry website</a> appears to be down right now.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pg">
	<h2>Independent State of Papua New Guinea (<a href="#pg">PG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Independent State of Papua New Guinea&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.pg">registration requires a local presence or &quot;interests&quot; in the country</a>, though it is not explained what is meant by &quot;interests&quot;.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.iana.org/domains/root/db/pg.html">No registry website seems to be available.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ph">
	<h2>Republic of the Philippines (<a href="#ph">PH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of the Philippines&apos; registry <a href="https://www.dot.ph/corporate/policies/domain-name-registration-applicant-information-policy#1">does not seem to make any restrictions based on locality</a>.
		Unfourtunently, this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not have a whois server.
		The <a href="https://www.dot.ph/whois">whois database Web interface</a> says that single-character labels are invalid.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://new.dot.ph/">registration form</a> asks for a telephone number, and if it is left blank, the form silently fails.
		There is no indication made to the user as to what went wrong, the form is simply cleared.
		However, if you fill in the blank with &quot;no telephone available&quot;, the form processes your information as it should.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pk">
	<h2>Islamic Republic of Pakistan (<a href="#pk">PK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Islamic Republic of Pakistan&apos;s registry <a href="https://pk6.pknic.net.pk/pk5/pgPolicy.PK">explicitly states that no local presence is required for registration</a>.
		However, <a href="https://pk6.pknic.net.pk/pk5/pgStructure.PK">the minimum length of a second-level label is four characters</a>.
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> does not use a whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The registration form asks for a telephone number, but it can be left blank.
		The main issue with the registration form seems to be that when it takes your password, it mangles it in at least some cases.
		I&apos;m not sure if it chokes on non-alphanumeric characters or if there is another problem.
		In any case, as long as you provided a valid email address, all you have to do is ask for a password reset and a pregenerated password will be sent to you.
		Funds must be added to your account before, not during, checkout.
		It&apos;s hard to tell which second-level domains have hard eligibility requirements and which only have usage suggestions, but the only ones I can find that definitely have hard requirements are the ones for schools and governments.
		Until I see evidence otherwise, I will assume that all other second-level domains that are available have open registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pl">
	<h2>Republic of Poland (<a href="#pl">PL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Poland&apos;s registry <a href="https://dns.pl/english/regulations.html">does not seem to have a residency-based restriction</a>, <a href="https://dns.pl/english/technical_cond.html">nor does it appear to have a minimum length policy</a>.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.dns.pl/english/">Registration</a> may only be completed through a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pm">
	<h2>Saint Pierre and Miquelon (<a href="#pm">PM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Saint Pierre and Miquelon&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">requires registrants reside in the European Union or one of a few select other countries</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/products-and-services/services/whois/">checking the availability of a name</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pn">
	<h2>Pitcairn Group of Islands (<a href="#pn">PN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Pitcairn Group of Islands&apos; registry <a href="http://government.pn/PnRegistry/policies.htm">does not seem to have a residency requirement or a policy banning short labels</a>.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="http://government.pn/PnRegistry/">registration form</a> asks for &quot;contact information&quot;.
		It does not specify what contact information you are to enter, you just need to specify how to contact you.
		This is incredibly liberating.
		You, for example, specify only an email address or an email address and a mailing address.
		No telephone number seems to be required.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pr">
	<h2>Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (<a href="#pr">PR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.pr/registration_agreement.asp">requires labels consist of at least three characters</a>.
		However, some single-character domains have already been purchased, so buying a name off a past owner is possible.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		When I first researched this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, it appeared that <a href="https://nic.pr/">registrations</a> went through some sort of manual approval process.
		A telephone number was required, but it can be set to an arbitrary string such as &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
		However, on-site registration no longer seems to be available, and an accredited registrar is required for domain purchase.
		As such, registration is no longer available without a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ps">
	<h2>State of Palestine (<a href="#ps">PS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The State of Palestine&apos;s registry says that <a href="http://www.pnina.ps/domains/registration-procedures/">anyone may register a name with them and any unoffensive name may be registered</a>.
		Unfortunately, it appears that single-character names are offensive, as they are not eligible for registration according to the output of the whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is only performed through <a href="http://www.pnina.ps/domains/registration-procedures/">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pt">
	<h2>Portuguese Republic (<a href="#pt">PT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Portuguese Republic&apos;s registry <a href="http://dns.pt/en/faq/">specifically mentions registration of two-character labels</a>, but does not mention single-character labels, leading me to believe they cannot be registered.
		No single-character labels seem to be registered in the whois database.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		When registering an account, you are asked for a number from an identification document of your choosing as well as your taxpayer identification number.
		I do not pay taxes in the Portuguese Republic, so I tried entering &quot;none&quot;.
		This resulted in the registry thinking I already had an account, presumably because someone else used the value &quot;none&quot;.
		Changing the value to another phrase meaning that I don&apos;t have one resulted in my account being created.
		The fax number field can be left blank but the telephone number field needs to be filled with something such as &quot;no telephone service&quot;.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pw">
	<h2>Republic of Palau (<a href="#pw">PW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Palau&apos;s registry <a href="http://registry.pw/policies/reserved-names-policy/">forbids the use of single-character labels</a>.
		However, some single-character labels are already registered, so it may be possible to buy a name off a previous owner.
		This registry <a href="http://registry.pw/faqs/">allows registration by anyone worldwide</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration must be done through a <a href="http://registry.pw/list-of-registrars/">registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="py">
	<h2>Republic of Paraguay (<a href="#py">PY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Paraguay&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://www.nic.py/">written in Guaraní</a>, but from the homepage, it appears that registrations are taken only at the third level.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It&apos;s hard to tell because I do not speak Spanish, but I think the <a href="http://www.nic.py/pautas.php">website</a> says that registrations are only taken from locals.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="qa">
	<h2>State of Qatar (<a href="#qa">QA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The State of Qatar&apos;s registry <a href="https://domains.qa/en/faqs#17">requires labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After choosing a domain name, registrants are asked to <a href="https://www.domains.qa/en/register-this-domain">choose a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="re">
	<h2>Réunion (<a href="#re">RE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Réunion&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/products-and-services/the-re-tld/">requires registrants have a presence in the European Union or select other countries</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration requires both <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/products-and-services/the-re-tld/">a local presence and a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ro">
	<h2>Romania (<a href="#ro">RO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Romania&apos;s registry <a href="https://rotld.ro/portal/pages/en/2/">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		No mention of restrictions on short labels is made.
		All single-character labels are registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="http://rotld.ro/engleza/index_en.html">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="rs">
	<h2>Republic of Serbia (<a href="#rs">RS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Serbia&apos;s registry releases the content of its website under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Serbia, a free culture-respecting license.
		<a href="https://rnids.rs/en/domain-registration">Citizens of foreign nations are free to register under this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr></a>.
		Querying the whois server reveals that this registry considers single-character labels are considered invalid.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://www.rnids.rs/en/whois">choosing a name</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ru">
	<h2>Russian Federation (<a href="#ru">RU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Russian Federation&apos;s registry <a href="https://cctld.ru/en/docs/rules.php">requires all labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration at the second level <a href="https://cctld.ru/en/domains/domens_ru/">at the second level</a> requires a registrar while registration <a href="https://cctld.ru/en/domains/domens_ru/reserved.php">at the third level</a> is restricted.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="rw">
	<h2>Republic of Rwanda (<a href="#rw">RW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Rwanda&apos;s registry <a href="http://ricta.org.rw/IMG/pdf/registry_registrar_contract.pdf">allows registration by anyone</a>.
		The whois server says that single-character labels are invalid, but <code>//b.rw.</code> is already registered.
		It may be possible to buy this name off the current owner.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registrations are only taken through <a href="http://ricta.org.rw/registrars">registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sa">
	<h2>Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (<a href="#sa">SA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.sa/en/cat/faqs">disallows registration of single-character labels and registration by outsiders</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		A <a href="http://nic.sa/en/cat/faqs">local presence</a> is required for registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sb">
	<h2>Solomon Islands (<a href="#sb">SB</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Solomon Islands&apos; registry mentions several times that <a href="http://nic.net.sb/SB/SB-RA-NOV-2011.pdf">content distributed using one of their domain names must conform to the Solomon Islands&apos; laws</a>, but does not seem to restrict non-islanders from registering names.
		Nosingle-character names seem to have been registered, making it very unlikely that they are available for registration.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://nic.net.sb/">registry website</a> has no information on actually registering.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sc">
	<h2>Republic of Seychelles (<a href="#sc">SC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Seychelles&apos; registry <a href="http://nic.sc/en/forms/Rules-Governing-Qualifications-for-Registration.pdf">disallows the registration of single-character labels</a>, but <code>//e.sc.</code> has already been registered.
		It may be possible to buy this name off the current owner.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is handled by an <a href="http://nic.sc/en/forms/Revised%20application%20form_Jan2013.pdf">emailed form</a> that requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sd">
	<h2>Republic of the Sudan (<a href="#sd">SD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of the Sudan&apos;s registry <a href="http://wwe.domains.sd/sites/default/files/english.pdf">mentions a payment deadline of twenty-one days for people outside the country</a>, implying that registration from outside the country is allowed.
		No mention of single-character labels is made, and this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		Different <a href="http://wwe.domains.sd/?q=content/sudan-domains-registry">name spaces</a> are made available to different types of registrants, but I don&apos;t know how strictly these categories are enforced.
		I think it&apos;s safe to say that at the very least, registration in <code>//gov.sd.</code> is strictly enforced, so until I see any indication otherwise, I will assume all categories are enforced.
		Second-level registration seems to be open to all, though there is a manual approval process.
		It is required that applicants fill in the telephone number field, but it can be set to &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="se">
	<h2>Kingdom of Sweden (<a href="#se">SE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Sweden&apos;s registry policy on registration by foreign entities is a bit difficult to understand, but I think registration by foreigners is allowed.
		However, <a href="https://iis.se/docs/Registreringsvillkor_eng.pdf">all labels must consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://www.iis.se/english/domains/free/">choosing a name</a>, registrants are asked to choose a registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sg">
	<h2>Republic of Singapore (<a href="#sg">SG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Singapore&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.net.sg/faq/single-character-domain-name#t22n207">claims that in a &quot;single-character name&quot;, the character is a letter</a>.
		However, both single-letter and single-digit names are mentioned (along with single-letter names) <a href="https://nic.net.sg/faq/premium-domain-names#t44n313">on another page</a>.
		However, <a href="https://nic.net.sg/page/sg-domain">a postal address within the country or a contact with a postal address in the country is required for registration</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is <a href="https://sgnic.sg/page/accredited-registrars">only performed through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sh">
	<h2>Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha (<a href="#sh">SH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.sh/rules.html">allows registration by applicants in any jurisdiction and says some single-character labels are eligible for registration in a controlled manor</a>.
		However, the whois server says that all single-character labels are reserved, and there is no information on how to go through the controlled process to attempt to acquire one.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This <a href="https://nic.sh/">registry</a> demands a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="si">
	<h2>Republic of Slovenia (<a href="#si">SI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Slovenia&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.registry.si/fileadmin/dokumenti/register/ENG/general-terms.pdf">requires all labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registrations must be performed through a <a href="https://www.registry.si/how-to-register-under-si/choose-a-registrar.html">registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sj">
	<h2>Svalbard and Jan Mayen (<a href="#sj">SJ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.sj">Svalbard and Jan Mayen&apos;s <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is not in use</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is <a href="https://www.norid.no/en/omnorid/toppdomenet-sj/">not currently in use</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sk">
	<h2>Slovak Republic (<a href="#sk">SK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Slovak Republic&apos;s registry is <a href="https://sk-nic.sk/main.jsp;jsessionid=88714983F2AF76EA346E6C48CCE38CCA">written in Slovak</a>.
		Attempting to search for a single-character label returns an error message that appears to mention a minimum character limit of two.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After <a href="https://www.sk-nic.sk/main.jsp">choosing a name</a>, registrants are asked to contact their registrar.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sl">
	<h2>Republic of Sierra Leone (<a href="#sl">SL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Sierra Leone&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.sl/domain/html/rules">requires labels consist of at least four characters</a>.
		However, several single-character labels have been registered.
		It may be possible to by a name from a currant registrant.
		Registration for second-level names is stated to be <a href="https://nic.sl/domain/html/faq">fully open</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://nic.sl/domain?q=set_contacts">registration form</a> requires a telephone number be set, but it can be set to an arbitrary string such as &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sm">
	<h2>Republic of San Marino (<a href="#sm">SM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of San Marino&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.sm/index.php?pag=regolamento#par511">requires labels consist of at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration requires that a <a href="http://www.nic.sm/index.php?pag=lar_pf_traduzione">letter of accountability</a> be sent via fax or postal mail.
		The letter template asks for a telephone number and a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sn">
	<h2>Republic of Senegal (<a href="#sn">SN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Senegal&apos;s registry&apos;s website is written in French, but I think it says <a href="http://www.nic.sn/index.php/en/faqs">labels must consist of at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It seems that <a href="http://www.nic.sn/index.php/en/procedures/creation">registration</a> is done via paper forms to be sent by postal mail.
		The forms are linked to on the right, but they ask for a telephone number and fax number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="so">
	<h2>Federal Republic of Somalia (<a href="#so">SO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Federal Republic of Somalia&apos;s registry <a href="http://soregistry.so/faq.html">makes registration open to everyone, but requires labels consist of at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find any information about registering directly through the registry, but the registry website is so simple that I doubt I would have missed it if it were there.
		A list of <a href="https://nic.so/registrars/">registrars</a> is present, so I assume registration is only available through them.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sr">
	<h2>Republic of Suriname (<a href="#sr">SR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Suriname&apos;s registry <a href="https://register.sr/terms/">requires an address within the country where paperwork can be delivered</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration at the <a href="https://www.register.sr/">registry website</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="st">
	<h2>Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe (<a href="#st">ST</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.st/premiumdomains">considers single-character labels to be premium</a>.
		It is not known if there are any restrictions on the registration of premium names, but <a href="http://www.nic.st/html/policyrules/">anyone may register non-premium names</a>.
		Additionally, this registry has an odd rule prohibiting the use of labels longer than 23 characters.
		The price of single-character labels is not listed, but if it is the same as the <a href="http://www.nic.st/price">price for two-character labels</a>, it&apos;s very manageable.
		<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> The price was higher, but manageable.
		<code>//y.st.</code> is now live! No restrictions on who can register premium domains seem to exist.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		It was this registry that even alerted me to the fact that domain registration was possible without being bound to the idiotic telephone number system.
		It is thanks to this registry that I was able to cancel my telephone service without fear that my whois records would be audited and my domain name revoked.
		This registry doesn&apos;t even ask for your telephone number.
		<a href="http://www.nic.st/">Registration is this way.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="su">
	<h2>Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (<a href="#su">SU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.su/dns/domain/en/su.html">allows anyone to register</a>, but <a href="https://nic.su/dns/service/en/identification.html">requires identification documents</a>.
		A quick scan of the whois database shows that all single-character labels are reserved.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		No website seems to be associated with the registry or registration.
		A <a href="http://whois.tcinet.ru/">whois lookup website</a> exists, but does not offer registration.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sv">
	<h2>Republic of El Salvador (<a href="#sv">SV</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of El Salvador&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://www.svnet.org.sv/">written in Spanish</a>.
		Wikipedia says that <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.sv">a local contact is required for registration</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The administrative contact <a href="http://www.svnet.org.sv/pago.php">must reside within the country</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sx">
	<h2>Sint Maarten (<a href="#sx">SX</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Sint Maarten&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.registry.sx/faq">allows registration by anyone, but requires labels consist of at least three characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.registry.sx/get-your-sx">availability-checking page</a> has a list of registrars and upon finding an available domain, the page simply says that the domain is available and continues to display the registrar list.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sy">
	<h2>Syrian Arab Republic (<a href="#sy">SY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Syrian Arab Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="http://tld.sy/">written in Arabic</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.sy">there are no registration restrictions</a> and the whois database says all single-character labels are available, aside from the one that has already been registered.
		However, I can&apos;t help but feel that if it was that easy, more single-character names would be registered with this registry by now.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I have searched this <a href="http://tld.sy/">registry&apos;s website</a> top to bottom, but even with the help of a translator, I&apos;ve come up empty-handed.
		I give up.
		Between the fact that I cannot read the language and the fact that the site is so poorly-structured, I cannot find the information I am looking for.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="sz">
	<h2>Kingdom of Swaziland (<a href="#sz">SZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Swaziland&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.sispa.org.sz/">does not allow registration at the second level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registrants <a href="http://www.sispa.org.sz/index.php/terms-and-conditions/"><q>must legally exist within the borders of Swaziland</q></a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tc">
	<h2>Turks and Caicos Islands (<a href="#tc">TC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Turks and Caicos Islands&apos; registry <a href="https://www.nic.tc/terms-and-conditions">doesn&apos;t seem to have a residency restriction</a>.
		It also specifies that single-character labels can be registered.
		However, the registry says that labels consisting of at least two characters cost $70 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, not giving a price for single-character names.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://www.nic.tc/cart.php?a=checkout">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="td">
	<h2>Republic of Chad (<a href="#td">TD</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Republic of Chad&apos;s registry&apos;s website.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.td">registrations are taken at the second level and there are no restrictions</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.sotel.td/">registry website</a> appears to be down.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tf">
	<h2>Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands (<a href="#tf">TF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands&apos; registry <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">only allows registration by applicants in the European Union and select other countries</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/your-domain-name/how-to-choose-and-create-your-domain-name/">Registrations are only taken through registrars.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tg">
	<h2>Togolese Republic (<a href="#tg">TG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Togolese Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s website appears to be <a href="http://www.netmaster.tg/manager/">written in French</a>.
		Attempting to search for a one- or two-character label results in an error.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://www.netmaster.tg/manager/nic-registration">Registration</a> is available, but you will need to enter &quot;no telephone service&quot; as your telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="th">
	<h2>Kingdom of Thailand (<a href="#th">TH</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Thailand&apos;s registry <a href="https://thnic.co.th/en/policy/">requires labels consist of at least two characters</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://thdomain.thnic.co.th/?page=signup&amp;new_language=1">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tj">
	<h2>Republic of Tajikistan (<a href="#tj">TJ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Tajikistan&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.nic.tj/policy3.html">requires all labels consist of at least two characters</a> and has no whois server.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It looks like <a href="http://www.nic.tj/policy2.html">applications must be submitted through a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tk">
	<h2>Tokelau (<a href="#tk">TK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Tokelau&apos;s registry is run by <a href="http://freenom.com/en/index.html">Freenom</a>.
		Like the registries of the <a href="#cf">Central African Republic</a>, the <a href="#ga">Gabonese Republic</a>, the <a href="#gq">Republic of Equatorial Guinea</a>, and the <a href="#ml">Republic of Mali</a>, a short name is expensive not just for the initial registration, but with a renewal fee that is just as high.
		Unlike these other registries, registration can be completed at the registry&apos;s own website without need to visit the Freenom website.
		I can&apos;t find anything in their <a href="https://www.dot.tk/en/policies.html">policies</a> that prohibits registration by outsiders.
		Past personal experience with Tokelau&apos;s registry and the fact that they are partnered with Freenom also indicate that registration is open.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		Unlike the rest of the registries Freenom runs, Dot TK has a registration form on its own website, so you don&apos;t have to use the one on Freenom&apos;s website, which requires a telephone number.
		Dot TK&apos;s <a href="http://my.dot.tk/cgi-bin/tkshop.taloha">paid domain shop</a> is a bit challenging to find, and the telephone number and fax number fields are not labeled as &quot;optional&quot;, but leaving them blank seems to work.
		The one catch is that Dot TK tries to guess your country, autofills part of the form based on what it guessed, then won&apos;t let you switch countries to get your correct whois information in place.
		As specifying false whois information is illegal, you may need to keep coming back to the website until Tor is using an exit node in the correct country before you register.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tl">
	<h2>Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste (<a href="#tl">TL</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t see any residency requirements in the Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste&apos;s registry&apos;s <a href="http://nic.tl/timor-leste/TL-RA-NOV-2011.pdf">policies</a>.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		No information on actually performing a registration seems to be <a href="https://cocca.org.nz/">available</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tm">
	<h2>Turkmenistan (<a href="#tm">TM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Turkmenistan&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.tm/rules.html">prohibits the use of single-character labels</a>.
		It&apos;s worth noting that the whois database says that <code>//a.tm.</code> is reserved, but all other single-character names are instead marked as expiring on various dates in 1970 and 1971.
		It&apos;s likely that <code>//a.tm.</code> was reserved first, as it could be used to stand for &quot;Automatic Teller Machine&quot;, and later, the others were reserved by someone else using another method that involves false expiration dates.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.nic.tm/cgi-bin/newnic2">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tn">
	<h2>Tunisian Republic (<a href="#tn">TN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find any label length restrictions listed on the Tunisian Republic&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but when entering a single character into the <a href="http://www.registre.tn/en/index.php">domain lookup form</a>, the message <q>Minimum number of characters not met.</q> is returned.
		The whois database confirms that there are no single-character labels registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://registre.tn/en/index.php?rub=264&apos;srub=336">Registration</a> requires a presence within the country.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="to">
	<h2>Kingdom of Tonga (<a href="#to">TO</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Kingdom of Tonga&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.tonic.to/faq.htm">allows registration by anyone and does not publish registrant names and contact information from its whois server for privacy reasons</a>.
		The whois server shows that all single-character names have been registered with the exception of <code>//0.to.</code>.
		The website, on the other hand, says <code>//0.to.</code> has in fact been registered.
		As that domain has a website at it, the Web interface must be correct.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://www.tonic.to/newcustform1.htm">registration form</a> doesn&apos;t even ask for a telephone number, even in the context of credit card processing.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tp">
	<h2>Portuguese Timor (<a href="#tp">TP</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Portuguese Timor has become the <a href="#tl">Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste</a> and has been assigned a new country code.
		The <code>//tp.</code> <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is being <a href="http://nic.tp/">phased out</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> officially no longer exists.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tr">
	<h2>Republic of Turkey (<a href="#tr">TR</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Turkey&apos;s registries are a little unclear.
		<a href="https://nic.tr/forms/eng/policies.pdf?PHPSESSID=142423283537130227133202635">Single-character labels are not allowed</a>, and second-level registration might not be allowed either.
		If second-level registration is available, it requires having a name used for business in the country.
		Otherwise, this is a requirement at the third level and second-level registrations are not allowed at all.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.nic.tr/index.php">Registration</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tt">
	<h2>Republic of Trinidad and Tobago (<a href="#tt">TT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Trinidad and Tobago&apos;s registry <a href="https://nic.tt/fee.shtml">makes short domains expensive but available</a>.
		<a href="https://nic.tt/rules.shtml">registration is permitted from outside the country, though registrant within the country get a discount</a>.
		This registry does not use a whois server, but <a href="https://nic.tt/cgi-bin/singlechar.pl">all single-character labels are registered</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://nic.tt/cgi-bin/csub.pl">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tv">
	<h2>Tuvalu (<a href="#tv">TV</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		Tuvalu&apos;s registry is run by <a href="https://www.verisigninc.com/en_US/domain-names/tv-domain-names/index.xhtml?dmn=www.tv">Verisign</a>, who is marketing it based on the abbreviation for the word &quot;television&quot;.
		I can&apos;t see any policies on label length or residency requirements, but Verisign tends to market to everyone, and the separation of <code>//tv.</code> from its true meaning means it&apos;s likely open for global registration.
		All single-character labels have been registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry requires registrants acquire their names through a <a href="https://www.verisign.com/en_US/domain-names/tv-domain-names/index.xhtml?dmn=www.tv&amp;inc=www.verisigninc.com">registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tw">
	<h2>Republic of China (<a href="#tw">TW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of China&apos;s registry&apos;s website is <a href="https://rs.twnic.net.tw/">written in Chinese</a>.
		The whois server returns a single line of Chinese characters when asked about single-character labels, as opposed the the whois records presented in response to registered labels or the string <q>No Found</q>, which is returned in response to unregistered labels.
		Likely the Chinese message says something about the label being invalid or reserved.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		After much searching, I managed to make my way to some alternate area of the registry website that I couldn&apos;t find before.
		This area suggests that <a href="http://www.twnic.net.tw/index2.php">names registered directly through the registry</a> may be maintained from the website, but that new applications directly through the registry may not be possible.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="tz">
	<h2>United Republic of Tanzania (<a href="#tz">TZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The United Republic of Tanzania&apos;s registry <a href="http://tznic.or.tz/index.php/domains">seems to require registration occur on the third level</a>.
		However, not much information is given on the site, and even links that appear to be helpful before you follow them only lead to pages explaining that the information exists, but without any mention as to how to reach it.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="http://www.tznic.or.tz/">registry website</a> is a bit broken in some places.
		When registering a domain name, you pass through a form in which the domain name field is blank and cannot be edited, yet when submitted with that field blank, the form says that that field must be filled out.
		You must modify the page in-browser to make it editable and fill it as usual.
		The website also doesn&apos;t use its own domain name in places, instead linking to the pages by the website&apos;s <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
		The registration form&apos;s telephone number field cannot be left blank, but it can be filled in with the string &quot;no telephone available&quot;.
		Registrations must go through some sort of manual approval process.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ua">
	<h2>Ukraine (<a href="#ua">UA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Ukraine&apos;s registry <a href="http://nic.net.ua/documents/">seems to allow registration at the second level only for trademark holders</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It&apos;s hard to say for sure because I don&apos;t read Ukrainian, but I think <a href="https://hostmaster.ua/2ld/?2ld=com">registrations are only taken through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ug">
	<h2>Republic of Uganda (<a href="#ug">UG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Uganda&apos;s registry <a href="https://registry.co.ug/?q=guide">allows registration at the second level by anyone</a>.
		For some reason, labels are not allowed to exceed twenty-six characters, though no minimum length is mentioned.
		<code>//h.ug.</code> is the only single-character name currently registered.
		However, attempts to register another single-character label result in errors.
		At the very least, it may be possible to buy <code>//h.ug.</code> off the current owner, but I think a better idea would be to attempt to make contact with the registry and try to cut a deal on another name.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://registry.co.ug/?q=register">requires a telephone number</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="uk">
	<h2>United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (<a href="#uk">UK</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland&apos;s registry appears to allow registration by anyone at first, but digging deeper, <a href="http://registrars.nominet.org.uk/sites/default/files/sldr_rules_140507_final_0.pdf">a non-PO box address within the country is necessary for registration</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I read a lengthy <a href="http://nominet.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/Rules_June_2014.pdf">rules document</a> and found the following:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			4.4 We do not impose restrictions on your status as applicant for the registration of a Domain Name in the following SLDs (&quot;Open SLDs&quot;):
		</p>
		<p>
			4.4.1 .co.uk; or
		</p>
		<p>
			4.4.2 .org.uk.
		</p>
		<p>
			In the SLD Charter of the SLD Rules for the Open SLDs we do set out certain intentions regarding the class of applicant or use of registrations of the Domain Name which we assume you will comply with when applying for a registration of a Domain Name within an Open SLD.
			However, we do not forbid applications, and will take no action in respect of registrations that do not comply with the SLD Charters.
			We may request certain information from you regarding your legal identity when you make an application for or seek to amend the registration of a Domain Name in the Open SLDs.
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			8.
			Specific Rules for registration in the .co.uk SLD
		</p>
		<p>
			8.1 Introduction
		</p>
		<p>
			These are the specific rules for the .co.uk SLD, administered directly by us.
			They form part of and, in the case of conflict, take precedence over the Rules.
		</p>
		<p>
			8.2.
			SLD Charter
		</p>
		<p>
			Domain Names registered in the .co.uk SLD are intended to be used for commercial purposes, and the Third Level Domains are intended to reflect and be related to these purposes.
		</p>
		<p>
			9.
			Specific Rules for registration in the .org.uk SLD
		</p>
		<p>
			9.1 Introduction
		</p>
		<p>
			These are the specific rules for the .org.uk SLD, administered directly by us.
			They form part of and, in the case of conflict, take precedence over the Rules.
		</p>
		<p>
			9.2.
			SLD Charter
		</p>
		<p>
			Registrants in .org.uk are intended to be not-for-profit or public service enterprises, and a Third Level Domain within this SLD is intended to be related to these enterprises and their activities.
			These may include, as non-exhaustive examples, charities, trades unions, political parties, community groups, educational councils, and professional institutions.
		</p>
	</blockquote>
	<p>
		While other sections of the rules document place restrictions under other second-level domains, these two seem to have open registration.
		Likewise, while registrations at the second level require that registrants supply an address for service within the United Kingdom, third-level registration beneath these two second-level names do not seem to require this.
		However, in the end, digging out all that information and trying to figure out if these domains actually are available without a local address was wasted time.
		It turns out that <a href="https://www.agreatplacetobe.uk/our-domains/get-a-domain/">registrations are only taken through registrars</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="us">
	<h2>United States of America (<a href="#us">US</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The United States of America&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.neustar.us/the-ustld-nexus-requirements/">prohibits registration by people and businesses outside the country</a>.
		For the purposes of this page, which may be read and used by anyone worldwide, that makes this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> unavailable.
		However, as I am a citizen of the United States myself, it makes the most sense for my to use this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> if there is a way to register single-character labels.
		That brings us to the next issue.
		<a href="https://www.neustar.biz/enterprise/docs/misc/domain-name-registry/reservedlist_march2012.txt">All single-character labels appear on the reserved names list.</a> There is, however, a <a href="http://www.neustar.us/reserved-names/">reserved name order/renewal form</a>.
		So is it possible for me to obtain a short domain name from the <code>//us.</code> registry? I honestly have no idea.
		Neustar, who runs the <code>//us.</code> registry, is the first on my list of companies to contact about securing my short name.
		I suspect that either short names are way too expensive here, or more likely, there is no way to obtain one.
		While obtaining such a name may be out of reach, renewal of the name if obtained is still doable, and there is even an option to register the name for life.
		UPDATE: The questions page <a href="http://www.neustar.us/support/">confirms that &quot;reserved&quot; names are available if you buy the lifetime registration</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The United States <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> is an awful place to make your home on the Internet.
		I still vividly remember parts of their noxious policies from when I originally made my home here.
		This registry reserves use of this <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> for actual residents of the country, and thinking that I wanted to associate with my own country more than another country, I bought my first two domains in this name space.
		However, the registry over-zealously guards this name space by disallowing the use of whois proxies and performing randomized audits on the whois records of its users.
		Due to this practice, their whois database makes an awesome data mine for anyone interested in quickly gathering information on thousands of domain owners with little effort.
		I myself have had to deal with pushy companies that insisted on calling me by telephone (back when I had a telephone) when I quit writing back to them by email (I would always respond to each company at least once by email, politely letting them know that I was not interested).
	</p>
	<p>
		For the completeness of this document, I returned to the <a href="http://www.neustar.us/">registry website</a> to verify that things have not drastically changed.
		Upon checking the availability of a domain name, registrants are asked to choose a registrar, so registration without a telephone number is still not possible.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="uy">
	<h2>Eastern Republic of Uruguay (<a href="#uy">UY</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Eastern Republic of Uruguay&apos;s registry&apos;s website appears to be <a href="https://nic.uy/Registrar/info.htm">written in Spanish</a>.
		All single-character labels are registered, but I&apos;m not sure if registration by outsiders is allowed.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		It looks like registration at the second level <a href="https://nic.uy/Registrar/DescripcionNuevoSistemaRegistro.pdf">requires a local address</a>.
		<a href="https://nic.uy/Registrar/jsp/administracion/NuevoUsuario.jsp?limpiar=true">registration</a> also requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="uz">
	<h2>Republic of Uzbekistan (<a href="#uz">UZ</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Uzbekistan&apos;s registry <a href="https://cctld.uz/faq/?lang=eng">allows registration by any natural or legal person</a>.
		The whois server says that no single-character label can be registered.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I figured out how to <a href="https://www.id.uz/users/register">register an account</a>, but not how to register a domain.
		Oddly enough, the registration form asks for a telephone number, but this field is greyed out so you cannot supply one.
		<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> It appears that what I really registered for was an <a href="https://cctld.uz/my/?lang=eng">OpenID</a> account.
		This account has nothing to do with domain registrations at all, which is why I cannot find a way to choose a domain from within that account.
		I think registrations are only taken through registrars.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="va">
	<h2>Vatican City State (<a href="#va">VA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Wikipedia says the Vatican City State&apos;s holy <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.va">does not allow registration outside the country&apos;s government</a>.
		This is probably for the best, as having such a religiously-charged <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> present in my domain name would potentially be toxic to me, being that I&apos;m an atheist.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Vatican&apos;s <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.va"><abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr></a> is used exclusively by the Catholic Holy See.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="vc">
	<h2>Saint Vincent and the Grenadines (<a href="#vc">VC</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Saint Vincent and the Grenadines&apos; registry <a href="https://afilias-grs.info/vc-st-vincent-and-grenadines">allows registration by anyone, but disallows single-character labels</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		From the looks of it, registrations are taken only through registrars, but also, a <a href="https://afilias-grs.info/vc-st-vincent-and-grenadines">need of a telephone number</a> is explicitly stated.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ve">
	<h2>Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (<a href="#ve">VE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela&apos;s registry&apos;s whois server seems to reject all my connections attempts, so I cannot search for single-character strings there.
		The registry&apos;s website appears to be written in Spanish, but it seems that <a href="https://registro.nic.ve/nicve/registro/index.html">registration is taken only at the third level</a>
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="http://registro.nic.ve/nicve/ingresar/NuevoUsuario.html">Registration</a> is available, though you&apos;ll have to fill in the two-part telephone number field with &quot;no&quot; &quot;telephone&quot;.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="vg">
	<h2>Virgin Islands (<a href="#vg">VG</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Virgin Islands&apos; registry&apos;s whois server refuses to tell me about even a single domain name, claiming that my lookup quota has been exceeded.
		This registry says it <a href="http://nic.vg/terms.php">allows single-character labels</a> and does not appear to have a residency requirement.
		Without use of a whois server though, and because lookups require filling out a <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>, there are easier <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s to search for potential domains under.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration can only be performed with the help of a <a href="http://nic.vg/terms.php">registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="vi">
	<h2>Virgin Islands of the United States (<a href="#vi">VI</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Virgin Islands of the United States&apos; registry <a href="https://secure.nic.vi/domain-rules/">does not allow the registration of single-character labels and does not allow registration by non-islanders</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		It appears that <a href="https://secure.nic.vi/domain-rules/">registration is available to outsiders</a>, though they are <a href="https://secure.nic.vi/pricing-2/">charged a much higher rate</a>.
		The <a href="https://secure.nic.vi/vi-domain-form/">registration form</a> asks for both a telephone number ans a fax number, but the telephone number field can be set to &quot;no telephone available&quot; and the fax number field can be left blank.
		Registrations are manually approved, so there is a waiting period.
		The <a href="https://secure.nic.vi/pricing-2/">fee schedule</a> and <a href="https://secure.nic.vi/credit-card-payment/">online payment</a> pages are not clear.
		A price is given for second-level domains and third-level domains under <code>//co.vi.</code>, but no price is given for third-level domains under <code>//com.vi.</code>, <code>//k12.vi.</code>, <code>//net.vi.</code>, or <code>//org.vi.</code>.
		To be safe, I will have to assume the higher of the two prices applies (the payment page doesn&apos;t offer a third non-resident price, so I can assume that a third price does not apply).
	</p>
</section>
<section id="vn">
	<h2>Socialist Republic of Vietnam (<a href="#vn">VN</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Short domain availability: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The Socialist Republic of Vietnam&apos;s registry <a href="https://vnnic.vn/en/domain/policy/principles-registration-complaint-settlement-and-domain-name-disputes-resolution">mentions equality and non-discrimination</a>, so I assume registration is available to everyone (though I can&apos;t find this specifically stated anywhere).
		<a href="https://vnnic.vn/en/domain/cctld-vn">Registration at the second level is available.</a> This registry does not employ a whois server, and no mention of single-character labels is made, so I&apos;m unsure if they are available.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://vnnic.vn/en">registry website</a> does not mention registration of any sort, but it does mention registrars.
		Registration is probably not available directly through the registry.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="vu">
	<h2>Republic of Vanuatu (<a href="#vu">VU</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Vanuatu&apos;s registry <a href="http://vunic.vu/terms.php">does not appear to prohibit registration by non-residents</a>.
		Though there is no whois server in use, the whois Web interface says all single-character labels are registered, many by people from other countries.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Availability without a telephone: available</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="http://vunic.vu/services/register/register2.php">registration form</a> labels the telephone number field as optional.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="wf">
	<h2>Territory of the Wallis and Futuna Islands (<a href="#wf">WF</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Territory of the Wallis and Futuna Islands&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">only allows registration in the European Union and select other countries</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		<a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">Registration requires a registrar.</a>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ws">
	<h2>Independent State of Samoa (<a href="#ws">WS</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-available">Short domain availability: available</h3>
	<p>
		The Independent State of Samoa&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.website.ws/about.dhtml">was talked into opening up for registrations internationally</a>.
		Short domains are even available for registration.
		The catch is that short domains <a href="https://www.website.ws/faq/pricing.dhtml">cost $50 000 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per year</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		This registry&apos;s <a href="https://www.website.ws/utilities/index.dhtml">registration form</a> requires a telephone number.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ye">
	<h2>Republic of Yemen (<a href="#ye">YE</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t find the Republic of Yemen&apos;s registry&apos;s website, but Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.ye">registrations are taken only at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unknownavailability">Availability without a telephone: unknown</h3>
	<p>
		The only place I can find for registering a domain requires that it be done as part of a <a href="http://www.y.net.ye/services/domain_name.htm">hosting package</a>.
		This is entirely unhelpful.
		If you ever switched hosting providers, you would lose your domain name, which takes away one of the most useful features a domain name has.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="yt">
	<h2>Mayotte (<a href="#yt">YT</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Mayotte&apos;s registry <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">only accepts registrants from the European Union or select other countries</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration <a href="https://www.afnic.fr/en/resources/faq/general-faq/">must be done through a registrar</a>.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="za">
	<h2>Republic of South Africa (<a href="#za">ZA</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of South Africa&apos;s registry <a href="http://www.zadna.org.za/content/page/domain-information">only allows registration on the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		You can <a href="http://www.zadna.org.za/member/register">register an account</a>, but the account doesn&apos;t seem to do anything.
		<a href="http://www.zadna.org.za/faq/entry/does-zadna-register-.za-domain-names">Use of a registrar</a> is required.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="zm">
	<h2>Republic of Zambia (<a href="#zm">ZM</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Zambia&apos;s registry&apos;s website <a href="https://registry.zicta.zm/login.jsp">has a login form and not much more</a>.
		Wikipedia says <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.zm">registrations are taken only at the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The <a href="https://registry.zicta.zm/login.jsp">registry website</a> appears to only be a registrar control panel.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="zw">
	<h2>Republic of Zimbabwe (<a href="#zw">ZW</a>)</h2>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Short domain availability: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		The Republic of Zimbabwe&apos;s registry seems to <a href="http://zispa.org.zw/terms_cond.html">only allow registration on the third level</a>.
	</p>
	<h3 class="tld-unavailable">Availability without a telephone: unavailable</h3>
	<p>
		Registration is done via a <a href="http://zispa.org.zw/template.txt">text file registration form</a> that demands a telephone number and asks for a fax number.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015-2016, 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2FURI_research%2FccTLDs.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2FURI_research%2FccTLDs.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

