<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>My new DMV ID has arrived! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My new <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> has arrived!</h1>
			<p>Day 00880: Thursday, 2017 August 03</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My new <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> has arrived!
		This time though, they sent me a non-instruction-permit <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card.
		I wonder if I checked the wrong box on the form.
		It&apos;d explain why the cost was higher than expected.
		It&apos;d also explain what the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> representative thought I was updating.
		I&apos;m certainly not complaining though.
		I no longer have to identify as a driver when I&apos;m not one.
		Being able to identify as a non-driver is almost as nice as being able to identify as non-binary.
	</p>
	<p>
		Additionally, between both my instruction permits, the expiration dates are the same.
		Getting the permit updated wouldn&apos;t extend the time frame I have in which to learn.
		I can still use one of the old two permits (preferably the one with my real name (as opposed to my birth name) on it.
		Honestly ... I&apos;m kind of considering learning to drive.
		It started with some information I received in the mail from the utility company.
		Almost all the electricity they provide is from renewable resources.
		That means if I get an electric car, I can still keep my carbon footprint low.
		That said, I can&apos;t afford a car or insurance right now, so it&apos;s not a top priority for me.
		Eventually though ... if I can get a boyfriend to teach me how to drive, that&apos;d be swell.
	</p>
	<p>
		Back on the topic of being non-binary, the photograph on my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> came out awesome.
		I wore my hair down, covering my ears, but not my face.
		Seriously, it makes me look so much less masculine, and I love it.
		It&apos;s not a viable hairstyle for everyday use yet though, as when I wear my hair that way, it keeps falling in my face.
		Once my hair is longer, I should have less trouble with it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I thought more about relationships today, and I think I can and should bend on the vegan home issue.
		I don&apos;t have the strength to go back the the type of home I was in before.
		My veganism was not respected, but that was only one of the many abusive issues there.
		If I had a nonvegan partner that was willing to set aside half the kitchen&apos;s space for vegan-only items and he didn&apos;t simply leave me out of things, I could still thrive.
		That half could even contain stuff he eats himself; surely he can store half his milk and meat products in half the space or less.
		Most people don&apos;t consume purely milk and meat.
		As for leaving me out, I mean that if he cooks dinner for us or something, he doesn&apos;t give me the same food, minus the bad parts.
		If he&apos;s giving me half a dinner and himself a full dinner, he doesn&apos;t truly love me and I need to get out of there.
		If he eats vegan when with me or provides substitutes for me, I can handle that, I think.
		Of course, maybe he never cooks dinner, either.
		If I&apos;m always the one cooking dinner, this won&apos;t even be an issue, assuming he&apos;s fine with vegan meals he doesn&apos;t have to prepare or even come up with.
		I&apos;m not the type of person to force my beliefs on others; I just need to be respected in my own home.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I was wrong yesterday.
		I still feel whole and complete, but I started yearning for sex again.
		It seems that desire isn&apos;t coming from a feeling of incompleteness, but comes from somewhere else in my being.
		Maybe it comes in waves or something, I don&apos;t know.
		I&apos;m still getting used to this whole being-a-sexual-being thing.
		For the record, I still don&apos;t like it.
	</p>
	<p>
		While my desire or lack of desire seems to vary, I expect my general mood to remain stable.
		I&apos;ll continue monitoring it over the next while to be sure.
	</p>
	<p>
		I thought I was leaning more to the feminine side than usual lately, due to the fact that I&apos;m kind of losing my connection to the name Xander.
		It an okay name, but I don&apos;t really feel like it suits me well.
		I still love the name Lexi though, so that&apos;s been making me feel girly.
		I noticed today though that I&apos;ve actually liked the name Lex for the past while.
		That name&apos;s masculine, so I guess I still do have both a masculine and feminine nickname I enjoy after all.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m questioning things again though.
		Another thing I thought about was the fact that I&apos;ve only recently (within the past three years) started wearing shorts.
		I wasn&apos;t comfortable exposing my legs before that.
		Was that because my legs look too manly?
		Do I have more bodily dysphoria than I realised?
		No, it was something else that I&apos;d forgotten about.
		The sunlight used to make my skin crawl back before I went vegan.
		I swear, I have some sort of milk allergy, so getting milk out of my system did wonders for me in several ways.
		It&apos;s true too that I want a more-feminine body shape, but I think I don&apos;t want to have female sex organs.
		The idea of sex involving both me and a girl, even if <strong>*I&apos;m*</strong> the girl, feels wrong to me.
		Because of the hodgepodge in my brain, the body I want is mixed; like me, my preferred body wouldn&apos;t fit the binary options.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

