<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Plans for the festival are still on &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Plans for the festival are still on</h1>
			<p>Day 00881: Friday, 2017 August 04</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		While sorting laundry today, I noticed a plaid shirt that I failed to remove from my wardrobe before.
		I actually kind of like that shirt though, so I&apos;m keeping it.
		How odd though: there exists a plaid shirt that I like.
		Normally, I hate plaid.
	</p>
	<p>
		The schedule for the coming week was posted at work today.
		Thankfully, my day off request was granted.
		I will be able to attend the festival.
		Honestly though, if it wasn&apos;t granted, I&apos;d&apos;ve tried to fight for it.
		I put the request in about a month ago, so there was <strong>*plenty*</strong> of time for the boss in which to make sure it happened.
		On my way home from work, a phrase popped into my head; a line for a poem.
		I can&apos;t seem to find rhyming words with the right meanings though to give the poem the sound and flow I want it to have.
		I&apos;ve saved the line, along with a couple others and some incomplete lines, for later use.
		I might find a way to use it in a non-rhyming capacity later, if nothing else.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I can&apos;t remember much of my dream last night, but I remember I was working the drive-through window at work.
		Some customer ordered a &quot;TMI&quot;, and I had no idea what that was.
		They told me it was some pizza listed underneath some other pizza on the menu board, but I don&apos;t know what arrangement our menu items are in on the board.
		A coworker ran out to check, and found the &quot;TMI&quot; was just our standard deep dish peperoni pizza.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		Some part of me still rejects my gayness, but I&apos;m making progress in accepting myself.
		Have I ever written about when I first learned I was asexual (or that I thought I was, rather)?
		In late elementary school or early middle school, I forget which, I was taught the basic mechanics of heterosexual sex.
		I knew right then and there that sex was not for me.
		I wanted no part of it.
		We didn&apos;t cover homosexual sex though.
		It was the concept of straight sex that made me reject sex at all.
		In high school, I used to think to myself that if I had any sexuality at all, I&apos;d partner with a man.
		I wasn&apos;t interested in sex, but I wanted a partner that acted more like the boys acted than like the girls acted.
		I still thought I was asexual at the time, and when these thoughts would come, they&apos;d just be passing by.
		However, to my current self, it makes a good case to me that gay is just what I&apos;m programmed to be.
		I always have been and always will be.
		I keep thinking that if I can find a boyfriend, and we get to the sexual stage of the relationship, I&apos;ll know for sure if I&apos;m gay.
		I keep thinking that if I can only <strong>*try out*</strong> that which I&apos;ve been fantasizing about lately, I can find out if it&apos;s really what my body needs.
		Like if if doesn&apos;t go well after several honest tries (and maybe several boyfriends to be sure), maybe I can be bisexual after all.
		(There are other things I could do with a fellow man, so it&apos;s not like if this doesn&apos;t go well, I&apos;d be heterosexual or something.
		These things just aren&apos;t what my body seems to crave; they&apos;re not what keeps me strictly homosexual.)
		If my fantasies don&apos;t pan out, I keep telling myself I&apos;ll find a way to conquer my aversion to vaginas.
		I already know what I am though.
		I&apos;m gay.
		I&apos;ve always been gay, but not known it until recently.
		I can&apos;t escape it, and I need to figure out how to get myself to stop trying.
		It&apos;s hard though.
		I guess even despite all the evidence that I&apos;m gay, part of me is still in denial because it doesn&apos;t want to be gay.
		That said, even with my continued internal conflict, I still feel much more stable than I&apos;ve been in the past while.
		I feel grounded; I feel like me.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

