<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Ripping myself apart &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Ripping myself apart</h1>
			<p>Day 00882: Saturday, 2017 August 05</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Soon after waking, I reminded myself that I&apos;m gay.
		Maybe if I drill it into my head, I&apos;ll give up and stop fighting it on any level.
		It&apos;s not like fighting it&apos;s going to do any good.
		I can&apos;t make myself not be gay any more than I can make myself like watching sports games or make myself stop having a taste for potato products.
		It&apos;s just not who I am.
		Potatoes are awesome, sports are boring, and I&apos;d rather die alone than be with a woman.
	</p>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t know what happened, but <a href="/en/domains/morgan.local.xhtml"><code>morgan</code></a> locked up on me this morning.
		Hoping it would unfreeze, I left it alone for a bit.
		The screen went dark, and I assumed the screen saver was starting up.
		I moved the mouse to wake it back up, but it awoke into <abbr title="Grand Unified Bootloader">GRUB</abbr>.
		What?
		It seems that it rebooted on me for some reason.
		Once I was logged back in, I found almost my entire bash history had been erased.
		I&apos;m not sure what&apos;s going on, but I hope this was an isolated incident.
		I hope <code>morgan</code> isn&apos;t starting to have serious issues on me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I took a last-minute bike ride to the credit union today to pick up a rent cheque.
		It was due today, but I totally forgot until last night.
		So far, I&apos;ve never missed my rental due date, but I was kind of cutting it close, this time.
		I&apos;m lucky it wasn&apos;t Saturday; I might not&apos;ve had a way to get the cheque I needed on time.
		While I was at the on-site manager&apos;s place, I also asked about putting nails in the wall.
		Is that allowed?
		It seems it is.
		I&apos;d never planned to put nails in the wall before, but now ...
		My mother gave be a gay pride rainbow flag a few days ago.
		I have all these randomly-placed nails in the wall from before I moved in, but there aren&apos;t two that are close enough together to hang the flag well.
		I&apos;ve hung it by one corner on one of the existing nails, but it&apos;d be nice to put a second nail nearby and hang it correctly.
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems my website certificate was never updated after all.
		I don&apos;t know what&apos;s going on, but the StartCom Ltd. certificate ended up back in the list of built-in certificates, so my Firefox instance stopped rejecting it.
		I&apos;m not sure how to proceed.
		Will my website load in Firefox on other systems now, or has Debian been the only one to take this certificate back into the fold?
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		Perhaps I&apos;ve been thinking about this gayness issue in the wrong light.
		I&apos;ve been waning to be bisexual.
		However, if I&apos;m bisexual, I&apos;m effectively either gay or straight depending on which person I fall in love with.
		I don&apos;t want multiple partners, so I can&apos;t have both worlds.
		So, the real question is which of the two I&apos;d rather be.
		Do I want to be gay or do I want to be straight?
		Not that I have any say in the matter, but I&apos;d rather be gay on most levels.
		The only reason I&apos;d prefer to be straight is because of the increased ease of finding a partner.
		On all other levels, I think I <strong>*want*</strong> to be gay.
		I&apos;d list off reasons I&apos;d prefer a same-sex partner, but it&apos;d be pointless.
		I&apos;d rather be bi, so my reasons not to want to be gay have nothing to do with conforming or thinking anything&apos;s wrong with same-sex pairs.
		Without conformation or hating reasons, all that leaves is who I&apos;d want to end up with.
		I&apos;m gay, so of course I&apos;d prefer a same-sex partner, which means of course I&apos;d rather be gay than straight.
		I&apos;ve also always thought same-sex couples (both male and female) are cuter.
		They just ... look more like they belong together.
		Maybe that&apos;s just because I&apos;m gay though.
	</p>
	<p>
		I guess, if I&apos;d rather be gay than straight, what that means is that I don&apos;t want to end up with a woman at the cost of not ending up with a man.
		So does that mean I can want to be gay more than I want to be bi?
		I can&apos;t talk myself out of being gay.
		I tried that, and it didn&apos;t work.
		I&apos;m an animal; I have instincts that I can&apos;t override.
		I could deliberately <strong>*act against*</strong> those instincts if I chose to, but I couldn&apos;t be happy that way and I couldn&apos;t actually purge myself of those instincts.
		However, maybe I can talk myself into wanting to be what I have to be; I&apos;m going to be this, whether I like it or not, so I might as well enjoy it if I can.
	</p>
	<p>
		I noticed something too.
		When I try to reject what I am, my personality starts splitting.
		Self-rejection seems to be very hard on my mind.
		The most recent case was the Lexi/Xander split, but come to think of it, that wasn&apos;t the first.
		Before that, I had the <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>/Alex split.
		At the time, I mistakenly thought the newly-recovered shards of my psyche weren&apos;t quite in sync with the part of my mind I was already familiar with.
		Looking back though, I don&apos;t think that&apos;s what was going on.
		My mind was certainly broken and I was certainly recovering pieces of it.
		However, I don&apos;t think any of these newly-found parts could form a personality on their own.
		Living in an unstable and toxic home environment took a major toll on me, it&apos;s true.
		However, during that period, I never rejected pieces of myself.
		I sometimes wished that I, entirely, was gone or dead, but it was all-or-nothing.
		I accepted what I was, I just didn&apos;t think that what I was was acceptable.
		Now though ... I&apos;ve been trying to accept and reject pieces of myself selectively.
		I&apos;m pulling my myself in different directions and I&apos;m ripping myself apart.
		If I want these personality splits to stop (and I do, they&apos;re very painful emotionally), I can&apos;t selectively accept and reject different facets of my being.
		I must accept myself or reject myself in whole.
		And while it&apos;s true I have some factory defects, so does everyone else.
		I&apos;m not a terrible person, as far as people go, anyway.
		I&apos;m not worth rejecting.
		I have to accept myself and I have to accept what I am.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

