<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>The Wonderful Wizard of Oz &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The Wonderful Wizard of Oz</h1>
			<p>Day 00887: Thursday, 2017 August 10</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve been searching second-hand stores for a less-ratty backpack, but I&apos;ve had no luck.
		I don&apos;t want to show up at the festival looking like I dug my backpack out of the garbage.
		My last two backpacks have been ones people were giving away because they&apos;d gotten so bad.
		All but one of the backpacks I&apos;ve run across in my search have been completely girly.
		Not just girly, but made for middle school girls or younger.
		That&apos;s fine, but it&apos;s not what I want to present as at the festival.
		The only reason I&apos;d even <strong>*consider*</strong> using such a bag is because of how masculine my body looks compared to how I feel.
		Such a bag could help drag my appearance closer to a preferred neutral look.
		That one bag that wasn&apos;t girly was advertising a sports team.
		I&apos;d rather look like a middle school girl that look like I&apos;m into something as stupid as sports, let alone look like I support a particular team.
		Today, I gave up the search and bought a brand new bag.
		This is probably the first brand new bag I&apos;ve had in over a decade.
		The masculine bags were either <strong>*too*</strong> masculine or too expensive, so I went with one that was sort of girly.
		The repeating pattern includes some pink, but it&apos;s a nice pattern and a little pink isn&apos;t going to kill me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I noticed a while back that bicyclists can set off the drive-through sensor at work, but pedestrians can&apos;t.
		I assumed that pedestrians weren&apos;t quite heavy enough, but the slight added weight of a bicycle let cyclists cross the weight threshold.
		A cyclist explained what&apos;s actually going on today though.
		Apparently, it has to do with the metal in the bikes and motor vehicles.
		It sounds like maybe it&apos;s magnet-operated.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		With school almost out for a week, I&apos;ve checked out from the library the second book on my reading list: <a href="urn:isbn:9781402775468">The Wonderful Wizard of Oz</a>.
		In some ways, I think this book will be a better read than the last one, though at the same time, I can&apos;t help but think that last book was conductive to my healing process.
		This time, I used the library&apos;s search system that they wanted me to use, so that checks another item off my to-do list once I complete this book.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

