<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Working on my library to-do list &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Working on my library to-do list</h1>
			<p>Day 00890: <time>Sunday, 2017 August 13</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
		<li>
			Clean up my apartment
			<ul>
				<li>
					Clean up the kitchen
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish the library&apos;s &quot;bingo&quot; sheet (these tasks were typed verbatim, and include any mistakes and quirks present on the sheet handed to me)
			<ul>
				<li>
					Attend any library program
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read a book you found using Novelist. A librarian can help!</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read a poem by Oregon Poet Laureate Elizabeth Woody</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					Read a graphic novel
				</li>
				<li>
					Browse the Gale Virtual Reference Library. A librarian can help!
				</li>
				<li>
					Build, draw, or make something based on a book that you read
				</li>
				<li>
					Read a science fiction title
				</li>
				<li>
					Share a book recommendation
				</li>
				<li>
					Read an award-winning book
				</li>
				<li>
					Suggest a library program you would attend
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read a new book (published in 2016 or 2017)</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read a young adult or children&apos;s book</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					Read something funny and have a good laugh :)
				</li>
				<li>
					Look at the art in the City Hall Gallery. There&apos;s a new show every month!
				</li>
				<li>
					Volunteer for a couple hours at a community organization of your choice.
				</li>
				<li>
					Download one of the library&apos;s free apps or search in a database. A librarian can help!
				</li>
				<li>
					Read a book that takes place in another country
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I awoke feeling much better than I had been yesterday, but I was still feeling down about the <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr> scare.
		I cried a few more tears, continuing to mourn what I am.
		As I changed the tires on my bike (which was a lot harder than it should&apos;ve been), I couldn&apos;t help but play scene after scene of <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr>-diagnosis aftermath in my head.
		I wept the whole time; it was almost like I <strong>*had*</strong> been handed an <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr>-positive diagnosis.
		I&apos;m still a virgin though.
		And I&apos;m still drug-free.
		I&apos;m still clean; safe.
		As long as my virginity remains intact, I don&apos;t have to deal with <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr>.
		As long as I don&apos;t rush into anything with a boyfriend and I&apos;m careful enough about boyfriend selection, my risk of a boyfriend giving me <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr> should be minimal.
		I mean, any time another person&apos;s involved, there will be some unknown variables.
		He could cheat on me.
		If he&apos;s good at being sneaky, I might not notice until it&apos;s too late.
	</p>
	<p>
		There are two options ahead of me.
		First, I can become sexually active (when ready, which isn&apos;t now).
		If I do that, I risk getting <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr>.
		If I get <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr>, I&apos;ll be obligated to become celibate from then on, to avoid spreading it.
		I think more than the inability to fight off disease, loneliness will be my curse.
		My second option is to remain celibate from the start.
		No <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr>, no obligatory solitude.
		That said, while my solitude won&apos;t be obligatory, it&apos;ll still be there.
		A self-imposed solitude will be protecting me from the potential of an obligatory solitude.
		Will I have really saved myself from anything?
	</p>
	<p>
		My back wheel seems a bit bent up.
		My guess is that the tire deflated not during the festival, but before, especially given the size of the hole I found in the inner tube.
		Riding with flat tires always seems to bend up my wheels.
		The bike&apos;s still ridable though.
		Some extra wear might happen on the back wheel, but it should be fine.
		I&apos;d considered trying to bike home on my flat tire, but opted against it, trying to avoid damage.
		It&apos;s a good thing I did, too, as too much more damage might&apos;ve put that wheel out of commission permanently.
		I&apos;m not sure where to get a replacement without replacing the whole bike, either.
	</p>
	<p>
		I went on a short walk to try to put myself back in balance.
		I guess it helped, and I felt better.
		On the way home, I felt a small impact on my head, and I figured a large insect had crashed into me mid-flight, but it&apos;d probably continued on.
		I took my hat off to examine it just in case the insect had stayed with me, and much to my surprise, I found a locust had landed on me.
		I swear, before moving to this complex, I hardly ever saw any locusts.
		Several years would go by without my even seeing a single one.
		This summer though, I&apos;ve seen three of them, and this last one came to me.
		I wonder if they like this part of the city better or something.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		I finished reading The Wonderful Wizard of Oz today.
		It was a good read, though the end was a bit anti-climactic.
		I forgot to consult my critical books list before choosing it, so it wasn&apos;t exactly the wisest book to choose.
		It looks like my next book should be The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle, a book both in the public domain and that received an award.
		I can check off the requirement that I read a book that has won an award without reading something proprietary.
	</p>
	<p>
		The requirement that I read a book published in the last two calendar years still posed a problem though.
		I was having trouble locating such a book under a <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> or <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> license.
		I thought it was a long shot, but I asked an online community centred around Creative Commons licensing if they had any suggestions.
		One user was fairly quick to respond, recommending I check out <a href="https://bookdash.org/">Book Dash</a> or <a href="http://africanstorybook.org/">African Storybook</a>.
		Book Dash was exactly what I needed!
		The books there are for small children, but they&apos;re all under <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr>, and some of them have been published in the past couple years.
		They&apos;ve got <abbr title="International Standard Book Number">ISBN</abbr>s too, so there&apos;s no reason the library wouldn&apos;t count them.
		I chose <a href="urn:isbn:9781928377344">Mogou&apos;s Gift</a> (<a href="https://bookdash.org/mogaus-gift-lorato-trok-rofhiwa-mudau-shadrach-munene/">link</a>).
	</p>
	<p>
		I tried to check out African Storybook as well, but their website is unusable with JavaScript disabled.
		Had I still been in need of a book, I would&apos;ve reluctantly enabled it to browse the website, but I already had the book I needed, so I didn&apos;t bother.
	</p>
	<p>
		Mogou&apos;s Gift was a very short and very strange story.
		A gifted child is born with a full set of teeth.
		One of his many gifts is great skill in painting at about six months of age.
		However, there&apos;s something freaky about his artwork: every painting he paints is of the same place.
		The child&apos;s mother decides they (the villagers) have to find the location being painted.
		There&apos;s no hint of where the place is, and no indication that it even exists.
		Eventually, the place is found, and it&apos;s identical to how Mogou&apos;s been painting it all along.
		They build a city there, altering the landscape so it no longer looks like the paintings, but everyone is happy there, so it&apos;s all good.
		When Mogou grows up, they make him their king.
		Um.
		What?
		For a child, it&apos;s probably a pretty good read.
		For a grown adult such as myself, it&apos;s pretty much one big plot hole though.
		Still, I&apos;m very thankful for this story; it&apos;s one less proprietary story that I need to put on my list of books I chose.
		At this rate, the only proprietary book will be the one meeting the library display requirement.
		The library chooses what to put on display, so I didn&apos;t really have any choice on that one.
	</p>
	<p>
		Next, I read <a href="https://poetryfoundation.org/poems/53419/girlfriends">Girlfriends</a>, a poem my Elizabeth Woody.
		Proprietary: yes.
		Book: no.
		I can&apos;t say I really understand what the poem is about or what it means, but that&apos;s another item completed.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I think I&apos;m still a loner.
		My body has certain cravings, but there&apos;s no strong desire for socialising.
		This may be residual damage to my psyche, but even if so, it might be permanent.
		If I&apos;m not the social type, it may not be wise to try to partner up, even without the <abbr title="human immunodeficiency virus">HIV</abbr> scare.
		If I&apos;m not the type to hold even a casual relationship, how can I expect to hold an intimate one?
		I&apos;ll continue monitoring this.
		Until I become more social though, I&apos;m abstaining from romance.
		It&apos;s the only wise move.
		I won&apos;t push it, either.
		I&apos;m not going to <strong>*try*</strong> to become more social.
		I won&apos;t try to be what I&apos;m not.
		I&apos;ve learned from last time.
		It&apos;ll either happen as the healing continues or it won&apos;t.
		I will try to put myself in social situations and see what comes naturally though.
		If I don&apos;t, there won&apos;t be any opportunity to see how I respond.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="jobhunt">
	<h2>Job hunt</h2>
	<p>
		I filled out most of an application for employment at Fred Meyer, but the website was demanding an emergency contact telephone number.
		I have ... no one.
		I&apos;m alone, with no support system.
		This isn&apos;t an unusual requirement, either.
		I&apos;m going to have the same problem when I apply elsewhere.
		I&apos;m not sure what to do.
		Maybe tomorrow, I&apos;ll work up the nerve to ask one of my neighbours if they&apos;ll be my emergency contact.
		I&apos;d do it tonight, but by the time I tried to apply, it was already pretty late.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

