<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>A stupid customer &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A stupid customer</h1>
			<p>Day 00894: Thursday, 2017 August 17</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I tried visiting my mother today, but she wasn&apos;t at home.
		I&apos;ve been trying to contact her for a few weeks, so I thought I&apos;d try in person.
		Maybe I&apos;ll try again tomorrow.
		Maybe not.
	</p>
	<p>
		At work, I dealt with the stupidest customer I&apos;ve yet to deal with.
		They ordered a pizza, and I told them there&apos;d be a fifteen minute wait, as we don&apos;t keep that kind of pizza ready.
		We rarely sell that kind, so we&apos;d have to throw most of them out if we tried to keep them ready; they&apos;d expire before we sold them.
		They agreed to wait, then paid for their order.
		I asked them to come back in fifteen minutes, and that&apos;s when they showed their stupidity.
		They said they&apos;d just wait at the window for it.
		I showed them that they had customers behind them, and explained that they couldn&apos;t block the drive-through lane for fifteen minutes.
		They claimed that they&apos;d waited in line for half an hour already, and didn&apos;t want to have to go to the end of the line and wait another half-hour; they refused to do it.
		(The head manager claimed they couldn&apos;t&apos;ve been in line for half an hour because the line wasn&apos;t that long, but I wouldn&apos;t know.
		More cars joined the line as others left, so it was a continuous stream of customers for quite a while.
		I wouldn&apos;t be able to tell a three-car line from a fifty-car line when the queue was continually added to.)
		They also refused to get out of their car and come into the lobby, where they&apos;d have no line and their order would be called out as soon as it was ready.
		I explained that if the customers ahead of them had blocked the line for fifteen minutes each, they&apos;d&apos;ve had to wait a lot longer than half an hour to get through the line; it&apos;d be a few hours of wait time, at least.
		I couldn&apos;t allow any customer to block the line that long.
		They still didn&apos;t seem to get it, and still insisted that they be allowed to wait at the window and block the line.
		To get them to move, I told them we wouldn&apos;t even get their pizza started until they did.
		If they wanted to wait at the window, their pizza would never come.
		Finally, they requested a refund.
		Now that, I could do.
		They&apos;d paid by credit card, so I explained that I can&apos;t undo the charge, but I can give them cash back.
		That&apos;s how we&apos;ve been trained to do refunds; whether a customer pays via cash or card, the only way we can issue a refund is by giving them money out of the register.
		They refused this, and demanded that I undo the charge to the card.
		What in the world?
		How stupid are they!?
		Why does it even <strong>*matter*</strong> if we refund in cash as long as they get all their money back?
		I explained repeatedly that we aren&apos;t <strong>*able*</strong> to un-charge a card, but they refused to see reason.
		Finally, I went and got the head manager and explained all the customer&apos;s idiocy to them.
		The manager went over to deal with the customer; I assumed they&apos;d explain that we can&apos;t un-charge a card.
		Much to my surprise, they instead <strong>*did*</strong> un-charge the card.
		So ... we can do that then?
		As it turns out, only the managers and shift leaders are authorised to do that, so I guess the rest of us aren&apos;t even told of the option.
		Next time a customer refuses cash back and demands that their card be un-charged, I&apos;ll just go get the shift leader on duty.
		I claim it&apos;s not a possibility.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		My volunteer application was approved, and I was given a choice or restocking pantries from 09:00 to 12:00 on my choice of either Tuesdays or Thursdays.
		I think Thursdays will work better with school, should I decide to continue volunteering once school starts.
		I was instructed to watch an orientation video, where I got the answer to a question I&apos;d been wondering about: does Catholic Community Services expect only Catholics to volunteer with them?
		No, no they do not.
		They merely expect volunteers to recognise that Catholic Community Services represents the Catholic Church, so as volunteers there, we&apos;ll be the face of the church.
		If you read between the lines, they&apos;re saying we shouldn&apos;t act in a way that would embarrass or misrepresent the church.
		That seems reasonable.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		Having a heart isn&apos;t what I thought it&apos;d be, and so far, it&apos;s a manageable condition; it&apos;s not so bad.
		I&apos;ll admit that the festival was a bust.
		If I don&apos;t find a partner, I&apos;m going to need to learn to keep myself company better at that sort of event.
		However, it seems I don&apos;t necessarily have to look for someone.
		My heart&apos;s going to do whatever, so at least for the moment, my rational mind is of no help to it.
		My heart and rational mind disagree on who a suitable partner would be.
		It would be pointless to put in an active search for a partner for the time being.
		I&apos;m going to end up crushing on men.
		If I know they&apos;re straight and/or in a relationship, I&apos;ll leave them alone, and if I&apos;m unsure, I&apos;ll try to work up the courage to ask.
		I&apos;ll see where it goes from there.
	</p>
	<p>
		Is it weird that I feel a little happy about all this?
		I think part of me <strong>*wants*</strong> to be capable of these feelings, even though they&apos;re clearly being pointed in the wrong direction; at someone who can never reciprocate.
		Even though my hands are tied and I&apos;m unable to act this time, I&apos;m still enjoying this, at least for now.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

