<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>A potential driving teacher &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A potential driving teacher</h1>
			<p>Day 00895: Friday, 2017 August 18</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
		<li>
			Clean up my apartment
			<ul>
				<li>
					Clean up the kitchen
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish the library&apos;s &quot;bingo&quot; sheet (these tasks were typed verbatim, and include any mistakes and quirks present on the sheet handed to me)
			<ul>
				<li>
					Browse the Gale Virtual Reference Library. A librarian can help!
				</li>
				<li>
					Build, draw, or make something based on a book that you read
				</li>
				<li>
					Read a science fiction title
				</li>
				<li>
					Share a book recommendation
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read an award-winning book</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					Suggest a library program you would attend
				</li>
				<li>
					Read something funny and have a good laugh :)
				</li>
				<li>
					Look at the art in the City Hall Gallery. There&apos;s a new show every month!
				</li>
				<li>
					Volunteer for a couple hours at a community organization of your choice.
				</li>
				<li>
					Download one of the library&apos;s free apps or search in a database. A librarian can help!
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read a book that takes place in another country</del>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I was talking with a shift leader at work as we worked, and I mentioned needing to get out of there.
		I said I needed to get back on the job hunt, and explained how I&apos;d had to halt it for a bit due to the demand that I have an emergency contact, but that now that I had one, I could begin again.
		They offered to be an emergency contact for me as well!
		So now, if I need two for some reason, I&apos;m golden.
		I also mentioned at some point plans to save up for an electric car, but mentioned that I&apos;d need to find someone to teach me how to drive.
		I wasn&apos;t anywhere near the point of looking for a driving teacher yet, but they offered to teach me to drive as well!
		I might try to take advantage of that offer soon, while it&apos;s still available, long before I have my loans paid off and long before I even think about getting a car.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t remember much of my dream, but I remember being at work with at least three of my coworkers.
		It wasn&apos;t my real-world workplace, but I remember three of my real-world coworkers being there.
		There was the one that thinks my gayness is funny, the one that got weird at first when he found out I&apos;m gay until I told him he&apos;s not my type to calm him down, and the one that loves horses.
		The place had certain characteristics of my real-world workplace, but was an entirely different place.
		This place looked a lot like a warehouse on the inside, but without as many shelves.
		It was large, and had a huge, walk-in refrigerator.
	</p>
	<p>
		A stupid customer had pulled up to the window, skipping the menu board.
		Unfortunately, I was right in front of the window when it happened, so I couldn&apos;t simply avoid the window.
		I pretended not to see them, and continued working.
		Apparently, the window was open.
		After waiting a bit, they pulled a bit more forward, so instead of the driver still being aligned with the window, the back passengers were.
		One of the back passengers spoke, and they were too loud for me to pretend not to hear, seeing as the window was open.
		I instead pretended to be startled, then explained that we have no sensors at the window, and that customers are supposed to order at the menu board.
		They said they knew that, but didn&apos;t care; they didn&apos;t want to order at the menu board, so they just decided to skip it.
		I started taking their order at the window, but before we got anywhere, they seemed to already have their food in the car.
		I thought they&apos;d reached through the window and stolen it when I wasn&apos;t looking, but soon, I saw the my two coworkers that aren&apos;t the horse lover had joined them in the car.
		Those two must&apos;ve been chummy with the rude group and brought them gratis food.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;d brought into work a bucket full of candies to share with my coworkers at some point.
		While I wasn&apos;t looking, a rude and unappreciative coworker dumped a bunch of them on the table and on the floor.
		I got the feeling it was one of the two that were chummy with the rude customers.
		In the real world though, I don&apos;t think either would do that.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		I finished reading The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle.
		It was an okay read.
		Again though, it&apos;d be nice if I could&apos;ve filled my reading list with less children&apos;s books and more adults&apos; books, but trying to squirm my way out of reading copyrighted material limited my options for filling reading requirements.
		I needed a book that took place in a foreign country and one that had won an award; this book met both requirements.
	</p>
	<p>
		I started reading The Time Machine, and very quickly, it jumped to something thought-provoking.
		Some people claim that time is a fourth dimension, akin to the three spacial dimensions.
		However, the on the first two pages of this story, the book made the only convincing argument I&apos;ve ever heard for that.
		Starting with one- and two-dimensional objects, these objects cannot exist because they lack other dimensions.
		For example, an actual, geometric line has length, but had zero width and zero depth, so it&apos;s only an abstraction.
		It can&apos;t exist in the real world.
		A plane has no depth, so again, it can&apos;t exist.
		On the surface, a three-dimensional object seems to exist, but it can&apos;t actually exist for a nil amount of time.
		The object occupies a fourth dimension, time, a dimension measured as the object&apos;s <strong>*duration*</strong>.
		... or so the book argues.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		Based on my feelings over the past few days, I think I can learn to love being gay.
		It will most certainly be an <strong>*acquired*</strong> taste for me though.
		As being gay involves having a heart (as would being <strong>*anything*</strong> besides aromantic asexual), I&apos;m going to need to put in some work.
		First, I need to extinguish my need for a partner.
		I don&apos;t need to extinguish the <strong>*desire*</strong>, but it can&apos;t be a burning, aching need.
		I may have already achieved this, so perhaps mission accomplished.
		Second, I can let my heart lead me to a lot of places, but there are boundaries I can&apos;t let it lead me across.
		Such as hitting on known straight people.
		Like seriously: why do I have a crush on a married heterosexual?
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

