<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>I need to fix my issues &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I need to fix my issues</h1>
			<p>Day 00896: <time>Saturday, 2017 August 19</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
		<li>
			Clean up my apartment
			<ul>
				<li>
					Clean up the kitchen
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish the library&apos;s &quot;bingo&quot; sheet (these tasks were typed verbatim, and include any mistakes and quirks present on the sheet handed to me)
			<ul>
				<li>
					Browse the Gale Virtual Reference Library. A librarian can help!
				</li>
				<li>
					Build, draw, or make something based on a book that you read
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read a science fiction title</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					Share a book recommendation
				</li>
				<li>
					Suggest a library program you would attend
				</li>
				<li>
					Read something funny and have a good laugh :)
				</li>
				<li>
					Look at the art in the City Hall Gallery. There&apos;s a new show every month!
				</li>
				<li>
					Volunteer for a couple hours at a community organization of your choice.
				</li>
				<li>
					Download one of the library&apos;s free apps or search in a database. A librarian can help!
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I dealt with one incredibly stupid customer today.
		Some customers like to drag their order out into five or six pieces instead of giving me their full order all at once.
		This makes it incredibly difficult for me to remember it all.
		If they only gave it to me all at once, I could remember many more items.
		This customer pulled that stunt, then when I forgot one of the items, and thus didn&apos;t charge them for it, they tried to get me to give it to them gratis.
		I explained that I hadn&apos;t charged them for it, and they said they shouldn&apos;t have to pay for my mistake.
		Um.
		If I didn&apos;t make the mistake, you&apos;d&apos;ve already paid for that item.
		Your total, in the end, is coming out just the same.
		No, you don&apos;t get gratis menu items just because you gave me your order in segments and <strong>*you*</strong> caused me to forget part of it.
		You don&apos;t get <strong>*rewarded*</strong> for being a pain to work with.
		You&apos;ll pay the <strong>*same price*</strong> everyone else would pay.
		Moron.
		Of course, I explained it in a much gentler way and left out the part about how it was their own actions that caused me to forget to charge them for an item, but the gist of of what I told them&apos;s the same.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I was running the drive-through at work again.
		The coworker that thinks my gayness is funny pulled past the menu board with a couple other people in their vehicle, and came straight to the window.
		(Why do I keep dreaming about this person lately?)
		As per protocol, I ignored them, and started working with the customer behind them that actually stopped at the menu board like they were supposed to.
		This person was in a panic.
		I couldn&apos;t make out what they were saying through the headset, but from the way they sounded, I thought someone was pursuing them and they needed help.
		I asked them to come to the window so I could better hear them, then as the window was blocked by my coworker and their gang, I headed out a door on that same wall to meet the customer.
		(We don&apos;t have such a door in the real world.)
		As it turned out, the customer was in no actual danger.
		They were having trouble with our ticket machine (which again, we don&apos;t have in the real world).
		They&apos;d inserted their money, but their ticket never came out.
		The outside of the machine was wooden for whatever reason, though the inner components that stuck out a bit were metal.
		I gently pulled at the line of tickets, and got one out for the customer.
		They were happy, and drove off.
		I&apos;m not sure what the tickets were for, but I somehow got the impression that they might be for our car wash (which again, we don&apos;t have).
	</p>
	<p>
		I continued trying to work tickets out of the machine to figure out why the tickets weren&apos;t simply coming out as the customers paid for them.
		As I did, I found other things jammed up in the machine&apos;s ticket roll, which probably caused the problem.
		I forget what all I found, but there was larger amounts of cash rolled up with the tickets.
		In one case, I found a hundred-dollar bill.
		There were also miniature condoms, still in their wrappers.
		The condoms were the more-likely culprit as the cause of the jam due to their thickness.
		Somehow, I was able to open up the machine, though I don&apos;t remember doing so.
		Inside, I couldn&apos;t access anything of importance, as all the components were in another chamber of the device.
		I&apos;m not even sure why the chamber I opened even existed.
		In that chamber though, jammed into a corner (which wouldn&apos;t&apos;ve affected ticket dispensing) were several coins.
		There were at least five quarters, as well as some other coins.
	</p>
	<p>
		Somehow during that, the dream story got modified, so I was no longer at work.
		I&apos;d instead allowed myself to get separated from a group at some activity fair, and the people running the fair weren&apos;t happy about it.
		I&apos;m not sure how, but I overheard them discussing my separation with one another.
		I was no longer trying to unjam the machine, but trying to get as much money from it as I could.
		I pocketed everything I&apos;d recovered from the machine, and locked the machine up with one of the keys on the lanyard that&apos;s usually around my neck when I&apos;m away from home.
		I then tried to rejoin the group without making too much of a scene, though I was directed by signs and people to go elsewhere.
		I woke up before I saw where they were leading me.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		I finished reading The Time Machine.
		It was a pretty good read, though I still like that first chapter best because of the explanation it was written to convey.
	</p>
	<p>
		My intent was to finish the book today, then figure out what the next book to read was and read it tomorrow.
		I forgot that tomorrow is Sunday though.
		Again.
		I won&apos;t be able to check out the next book until the next day.
		I&apos;ll get my book information sorted tomorrow and get my final book picked out, but the reading of it will have to wait.
		I&apos;m nearly done with the challenge though!
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I read some depressing information today.
		Lesbians are known to be quick to commit to a relationship.
		However, gay males are known not to commit at all.
		They&apos;re known to sleep around and not really do any serious dating or hold actual relationships.
		This, of course, is stereotypical gay males, and doesn&apos;t hold true for all of us.
		I, for example, don&apos;t want sex until I&apos;m sure I&apos;m into my partner and I&apos;m sure he&apos;s into me.
		I seek monogamy.
		However, this stereotype is no doubt because of a common trend in gay males.
		That&apos;s going to make finding a suitable life partner even more difficult.
	</p>
	<p>
		Knowing this greatly frustrated and upset me.
		I spent a fair amount of the day loathing my gayness and how difficult it&apos;s going to make life.
		Clearly, I haven&apos;t stamped out my need for a partner fully.
		I need to spend more effort fixing this.
		If I don&apos;t find a partner, I <strong>*need*</strong> to be perfectly happy on my own.
		I <strong>*need*</strong> to not allow it to hit me this hard.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

