<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Male-pattern gayness gene? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Male-pattern gayness gene?</h1>
			<p>Day 00897: Sunday, 2017 August 20</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
		<li>
			Clean up my apartment
			<ul>
				<li>
					Clean up the kitchen
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish the library&apos;s &quot;bingo&quot; sheet (these tasks were typed verbatim, and include any mistakes and quirks present on the sheet handed to me)
			<ul>
				<li>
					Browse the Gale Virtual Reference Library. A librarian can help!
				</li>
				<li>
					Build, draw, or make something based on a book that you read
				</li>
				<li>
					Share a book recommendation
				</li>
				<li>
					Suggest a library program you would attend
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Read something funny and have a good laugh :)</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					Look at the art in the City Hall Gallery. There&apos;s a new show every month!
				</li>
				<li>
					Volunteer for a couple hours at a community organization of your choice.
				</li>
				<li>
					Download one of the library&apos;s free apps or search in a database. A librarian can help!
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I tried to visit my mother again, but she wasn&apos;t there.
		Maybe she&apos;s out of town or something ...
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		I started working of figuring out which book to use for each of the &quot;bingo&quot; squares, and found what I thought to be a limiting factor.
		I hadn&apos;t read a funny book yet.
		I decided I&apos;d need to find a public domain joke book to pass off that requirement, but after a while, I remembered that I laughed at a funny section in The Wonderful Wizard of Oz: the part in which the gatekeeper said no one has ever slain the Witch of the West before.
		That book was the one I read in the park, and also the one I looked up using the library&apos;s Novelist database.
		Each book can only count for filling up to two requirements, but both those requirements are pretty generic.
		If I make the final book I check out fill one of those two, I can use The Wonderful Wizard of Oz as my &quot;read something funny&quot; book, and my final book can be literally any book I want it to be.
		Finding a single, enjoyable, public domain book in the entire library shouldn&apos;t be much of a challenge at all.
		I&apos;ll figure out what book I want, look it up in Novelist, then check it out and read it.
		I still need to make something though based on a book.
		With how thin I stretched these books for requirement-filling, the thing I make will need to either be based on The Time Machine or the final book I check out.
		None of the other books will work, either because of copyright issues (in the case of two books) or because those books are needed for other &quot;bingo&quot; squares.
	</p>
	<p>
		I <strong>*could*</strong> say I made part of a journal entry already on each of the books I&apos;ve read for the challenge, but that doesn&apos;t seem like it&apos;d be in the spirit of the game.
		I considered doing what the librarian suggested, and checking out a cookbook.
		They said if you make something from one of the recipes, that would count.
		I&apos;d like to archive what I make though, just to hold onto it longer.
		I could draw something, but I don&apos;t have a scanner set up.
		Maybe I&apos;ll try digital drawing, and make a collage of things from each of the books I read for the challenge, with the exception of the two proprietary items.
		It&apos;d probably be technically illegal to include those in the collage anyway.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m starting to wonder if I&apos;m really the mutant freak I think I am.
		Homosexuality seems to be incredibly common in many species of animals, and extremely prevalent in some of them.
		It seems that every species of great ape, humans included, have some homosexual members.
		In some species of animal, homosexuality is even more common than heterosexuality.
		One study of giraffes observed 94% of sexual mounting to occur between two males.
		What is going on here?
		And the giraffes still continue to repopulate and continue existing.
		In one species of sheep, at least 8% of rams seem to be attracted exclusively to members of their own sex.
		Is homosexuality actually <strong>*advantageous*</strong> in animals, including humans?
		I mean, obviously having <strong>*only*</strong> homosexual behaviour would kill off a species, but perhaps homosexuals contribute to the survival of genes passed by their parents.
		Perhaps the possibility of spawning homosexual descendent is somehow selected <strong>*for*</strong> more than homosexuality itself is selected <strong>*against*</strong>.
		If the role of my kind isn&apos;t direct reproduction, what <strong>*am*</strong> I to the survival my species?
		How does my desire for a same-sex pairing contribute to humanity as a whole?
	</p>
	<p>
		I continued my research, and it turn a sharp, grim turn.
		It&apos;s still not completely known, but it looks like in humans, there&apos;s likely a gene on the X chromosome that&apos;s often responsible for gayness in males.
		This gene, when in females, makes them more likely to produce a large number of offspring.
		In males though, it makes them gay.
		Women that don&apos;t have this gene are therefore like factories that produce a slow stream of high-quality goods.
		Their children grow up and pass act as factories themselves, passing on the <abbr title="deoxyribonucleic acid">DNA</abbr> of their parents.
		Women who have this gene though are like faster, less reliable factories.
		They usually have a fifty percent chance of passing this gene on, as it&apos;s only present in one of their two X chromosomes.
		(For it to be present in <strong>*both*</strong>, they&apos;d need a gay father to give them one of their X chromosomes while also needing a gene-carrying mother to pass on the gene via the other X chromosome, which is unlikely in practice.)
		The father has a fifty percent chance of passing on either sex chromosome, resulting in four options total: male carrier of the gene, male non-carrier, female carrier, and female non-carrier.
		The male carriers are gay and don&apos;t pass on their genes, essentially making them defective goods.
		If the faster factory is able to produce more functional goods than the slower factory, it doesn&apos;t matter how many defective products are produced.
		It&apos;s only the functional ones that even matter.
		But that makes me ...
		The waste product.
		The defective good.
		The reject.
		I have no role; my creation was just bad luck, and the wrong egg met the wrong sperm, so I&apos;m that one-in-four factory defect.
	</p>
	<p>
		Now I feel hurt, and a bit resentful of nature.
		It&apos;s not fair; none of us should have to be defective.
		That said though, life never has been fair.
		This really is the least of our problems.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother had four children, which is a lot.
		She wanted seven though.
		I think it&apos;s pretty clear that she&apos;s very likely to have this have-lots-of-children-if-you&apos;re-a-female-but-be-gay-if-you&apos;re-a-male gene.
		My mother&apos;s also completely uninterested in pairing with a woman.
		Several lesbians have come onto my mother, and she gets frustrated and tries to get them to knock it off if the same lesbian tries repeatedly.
		It&apos;s completely understandable, but it shows a complete disinterest in women sexually.
		Which is about what I feel, though I don&apos;t have people of either sex frequently come onto me.
		I did one time have a woman try repeatedly, back when I thought I was asexual, and it was an incredibly uncomfortable experience.
		For the time being, I&apos;m convinced I inherited my mother&apos;s sexuality, or at least the component of it that results in being exclusively attracted to males.
		My mother&apos;s mother had four children as well.
		Again, this points to the potential to carry this gene, and the potential to pass it to my mother.
		That&apos;s where I hit a dead end.
		I don&apos;t know my family tree any deeper than that.
		My grandmother&apos;s two male children have children, but those children aren&apos;t interesting for this theory, because those two males are heterosexual.
		They wouldn&apos;t have the male-pattern gayness gene.
		Do gay males run in our family tree further back though?
		I can&apos;t help but remember that that one book I read for the library challenge also hinted at a male-pattern gayness gene passed through female family lines.
	</p>
	<p>
		Assuming this theory is true, my biological purpose was complete the day I was conceived.
		The male-pattern gayness gene lives on my multiplying enough that it doesn&apos;t matter that an estimated half of its heirs won&apos;t pass it on.
		That leaves me without continued purpose, but maybe I can turn that into a good thing.
		I&apos;m free to do whatever makes me happy, as I have no further obligation to biology and evolution.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

