<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Finally met with my mother &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Finally met with my mother</h1>
			<p>Day 00899: Tuesday, 2017 August 22</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I stopped by Bi-Mart to check the lucky number drawing for the week, then continued to the credit union to deposit my pay cheque.
		I&apos;d planned to deposit it yesterday, but decided to postpone it a day so I could hit Bi-Mart on the same trip.
		I took a route home that led past my mother&apos;s house, not thinking she&apos;d be there, but wanted to see just in case.
		She actually was home this time, so I dropped in.
		She&apos;s still blaming my &quot;telephone&quot; for the communication issues.
		I keep trying to explain that there&apos;s no telephone on my end and that I&apos;m using email, but she doesn&apos;t seem to get it.
		I explained to her though that my messages are getting through to her carrier, and explained how I&apos;d know if they weren&apos;t because my email provider would let me know about messages that failed to deliver.
		I explained it&apos;s her carrier failing to get the messages to her.
		I&apos;m not sure this made any impact on her understanding of the situation though.
		Vivian was there as well, so I got to see my sister for the fist time in a while.
	</p>
	<p>
		When I got home, one of my neighbours alerted me to the fact that another neighbour is giving away a bed.
		Sweet!
		I went and talked to them about it, and they&apos;re giving it away once their new bed arrives, which will be within the next couple weeks.
		From the sound of it, there&apos;s a mattress and a frame, but no headboard or footboard.
		Perfect!
		I don&apos;t need a headboard/footboard, but it&apos;d be nice to get my bed up off the ground.
		As an added bonus, the mattress is still in plastic, so it&apos;s probably in great condition (at least on the outside) and clean.
		I can&apos;t be sure the frame is included though.
		They said the bed had &quot;the metal part&quot;, which I assume to be the frame, but as they were giving it away, I felt it&apos;d be rude to try to get them to elaborate.
	</p>
	<p>
		Discover is still pestering me about giving them Yst Dawson&apos;s Social Security number.
		I think I outright ignored their last two requests, not even noting them in my journal.
		This time, I took the opportunity to ask them for a new card.
		They have this option where you can request as many cards with different designs as you want, and they&apos;ll all have the same card holder name printed on them and will all be linked to the same account.
		I think as they continue pestering me, I&apos;ll keep asking for new card designs, if I think I&apos;d actually use those designs.
		This time, I chose their rainbow design, which they named &quot;Pride&quot;.
		To be honest, this might be the only extra design I request, besides the basic, light blue one they start you with.
		I might also get their pink, monogrammed one, but maybe not.
		I&apos;d be less on the fence about it if it came in other colours besides pink.
		Pink&apos;s okay, but it&apos;s not really my colour.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

