<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>Oz might be a place for queers. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Oz might be a place for queers.</h1>
			<p>Day 00901: Thursday, 2017 August 24</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			Acquire stuff for my new home:
			<ul>
				<li>
					A bed
				</li>
				<li>
					A dustpan
				</li>
				<li>
					A carpet broom
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish stabilizing <a href="https://git.volatile.ch./y.st./include.d/releases">include.d</a> and put out another release (low priority)
		</li>
		<li>
			Clean up my apartment
			<ul>
				<li>
					Clean up the kitchen
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Finish the library&apos;s &quot;bingo&quot; sheet (these tasks were typed verbatim, and include any mistakes and quirks present on the sheet handed to me)
			<ul>
				<li>
					<del>Browse the Gale Virtual Reference Library. A librarian can help!</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					Build, draw, or make something based on a book that you read
				</li>
				<li>
					Share a book recommendation
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Volunteer for a couple hours at a community organization of your choice.</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>Download one of the library&apos;s free apps or search in a database. A librarian can help!</del>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		The other day, someone pointed me toward the term <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Friend_of_Dorothy">friend of Dorothy</a>, a slang term referring to a gay male.
		The Wikipedia article on the term mentioned that the original, unextended series featured several queer-friendly plots.
		I&apos;m starting to notice this now.
		I question the &quot;crush&quot; Dorothy supposedly had on the china girl in the first book.
		Dorothy wanted to use the china girl as a shelf ornament; that doesn&apos;t seem romantic or sexual in any way.
		In the second book though, you read about a princess that got turned into a boy as a baby, in order to hide her away.
		Once her location is discovered, the witch of the south wants to return her to her original form.
		However, she doesn&apos;t want to be a girl; she wants to remain a boy.
		Either this cisgirl was transformed into a cisboy, meaning that her personality was altered in the process, or he never was a she at all.
		He was a transboy that got transformed into a cisboy.
		I&apos;ve finished the reading portion of the library challenge, so I&apos;m not likely to spend my off-work hours reading library books.
		I&apos;m reading them at work on my breaks still though.
		I&apos;ve started the third book in the series, and you quickly meet a hen that was mis-sexed as a chick.
		She got named &quot;Bill&quot;, then when she grew into a hen, her owners never renamed her.
		It seems parallel to how transfolks get misgendered at birth.
		It&apos;s not quite the same, but I can see why this would be considered a queer-friendly plot point.
		That said, unlike misgendered humans such as myself that were poorly named, this mis-sexed hen doesn&apos;t care about the gender of her name.
		Dorothy makes a point of feminising her name into &quot;Billina&quot;, but the hen doesn&apos;t care about this one way or another, stating that any name is fine so long as she knows it refers to herself.
	</p>
	<p>
		The franchise owner has been coming into our workplace lately and throwing stuff out.
		Earlier, they threw out all our aprons, then ordered new ones.
		They didn&apos;t order new ones, wait for them to arrive, then throw out the old ones; they threw the old ones away first, leaving us with no aprons.
		So we&apos;ve been dealing with that lately.
		Now, I found they&apos;ve thrown out our trash cans.
		This time, they waited for the new ones to arrive first, but it&apos;s still a waste of good trash cans.
		I managed to find and salvage the trash can with the most damage to it, but I couldn&apos;t see the others; they were likely buried in the dumpster, and I wasn&apos;t going to go digging.
		Once I get this thing washed out though, I&apos;ll have a nice, large trash can for my entry area, and I won&apos;t have to take the garbage out quite as often.
		Or maybe, I&apos;ll use it as a place to store returnable bottles before I take them in for deposit.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="library">
	<h2>Library task list</h2>
	<p>
		I was scheduled to volunteer for three hours, but they only needed me to work a little over two.
		I got out early, but at least it wasn&apos;t <strong>*too*</strong> early; I needed to put in at least two hours for that library challenge.
		It&apos;s tiring work though; I was famished by the time I left.
		I should&apos;ve brought a snack of some sort or had a bigger breakfast.
		Some of the work hurt my back, too; I might want to wear my back brace next time and see if that prevents it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I finished reading The Marvellous Land of Oz.
		That completes my reading for the challenge.
		I don&apos;t have much left to do before I turn in my sheet.
		I also searched the virtual reference library, which as I should have guess, is a reference library.
		I thought it&apos;d have most of the same books the main library had for some reason, but nope, it&apos;s just reference books.
		Furthermore, there aren&apos;t any old, out-of-copyright books there.
		I located a book, <a href="urn:isbn:9781420509427">Online Schools</a>, to check off that requirement.
		Thankfully, I didn&apos;t have to actually read the book, only find it, so that didn&apos;t add another proprietary book to my reading list.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I was thinking about my strangeness in needing a commitment before sex even though I&apos;m a gay male and gay males don&apos;t tend to want a commitment.
		I wonder if it has something to do with the fact that I&apos;m agendered.
		I&apos;m a gay male, but I&apos;m not a gay <strong>*man*</strong>.
		I&apos;m not a real boy, so I don&apos;t <strong>*think*</strong> like a real boy.
		I have different needs, different desires.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

