<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>Rainbow card &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Rainbow card</h1>
			<p>Day 00903: <time>Saturday, 2017 August 26</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My new, rainbow-design Discover card arrived in the mail.
		It&apos;s a lot more reflective and shiny that I imagined it&apos;d be, and it&apos;s got a purple back on it.
		I can&apos;t imagine me using another Discover card for quite a while, so I think I&apos;ve had my fun.
		I probably won&apos;t order another card next time Discover pesters me about Yst Dawson&apos;s Social Security number.
		Speaking of demands for personal information, they recently made a demand for more of mine.
		Now they wanted to know my country of citizenship and my employment status.
		As a show of good faith, I gave them both, as I&apos;ve been withholding Yst Dawson&apos;s Social Security number (as it doesn&apos;t exist) and I don&apos;t want them thinking I&apos;m just being obstinate.
		That said, Discover should already know my country of citizenship.
		I find it highly improbable that they wouldn&apos;t know that already.
	</p>
	<p>
		The cute guy at work got a haircut.
		He&apos;s much less cute now.
		Previously, he practically had a <strong>*mane*</strong>; He had a thick beard, a nice moustache, and decently-long hair.
		Now that&apos;s all trimmed up, and I dare say he looks &quot;normal&quot;.
		I suppose he looks nice enough, but it&apos;s a downgrade from his previous style.
	</p>
	<p>
		We had a mad customer rush most of the day today, and in my hurried state, I made a mistake on an order.
		I told the customer I&apos;d fix the order for them, but they still wanted to keep yelling at me.
		I explains that because of the frantic rush we were in, mistakes were bound to happen, but they didn&apos;t care.
		They somehow thought I could fill every order perfectly while under the increased pressure and with greater speed.
		Some people just think nothing about others, but only themselves.
	</p>
	<p>
		A long time ago, before I had this journal, we used to have a cyan-skinned customer come in fairly regularly.
		I assume they have cyanosis or something; a symptom of a bigger health problem.
		Slowly, I saw their skin become greyer, and I was always concerned for them when they&apos;d stop by.
		They were always in such a cheerful mood when they ordered though.
		At some point, I left the company, so I didn&apos;t see them again.
		When I came back, they never seemed to come by any more.
		Honestly, after not seeing them for a while after coming back, I assumed they&apos;d died.
		Clearly, they weren&apos;t in the best of health, so it seemed likely they couldn&apos;t keep going any longer.
		I left the company again to go to Coos Bay, and when I returned yet again, I no longer really thought about this former customer any more.
		Today though, they came back.
		They&apos;re as grey-skinned as ever, if not greyer.
		They&apos;re not as cheerful as I remember them being, but it&apos;s been a while, so I might remember wrong.
		They still seem pretty cheerful and happy though.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

