<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Spliced application forms &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/08-August/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/08-August/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Spliced application forms</h1>
			<p>Day 00904: <time>Sunday, 2017 August 27</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Vivian came for a visit, and we talked for about five hours, catching up.
	</p>
	<p>
		She brought over some mail meant for me that somehow made its way to our mother&apos;s house.
		Oddly enough, it was addressed to Alex Yst, but was sent to the wrong address.
		I didn&apos;t have that name before I came to live here, so that didn&apos;t make any sense.
		From the envelope, I could tell it came from the Oregon <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr>, so I didn&apos;t bother with it right away.
		When I did open it, I was surprised to find all three letters weren&apos;t from the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> after all, but the Oregon Health Plan.
		What in Squiddy&apos;s name?
		When I applied for health coverage at that address, they kept erasing the forms I filled out.
		I applied only under my old name, as well.
		At my new address, with help, I applied for coverage under my current name and address.
		I double-checked the form I sent the clinic representative too; I gave them my current address, not my mother&apos;s address.
		My best guess is that something is seriously broken in their system (besides the break that kept erasing my filled form and the break that made the website keep telling me there was a message to log in and see when there wasn&apos;t one) and that my forms got spliced.
		They probably got matched by Social Security number or something, while the name from one and address from another was used.
		I swear, their system is incredibly buggy and moronic.
		I&apos;ve written back to the clinic representative to see if they can help get this sorted out.
	</p>
	<p>
		I came to an interesting conclusion today while thinking about random things.
		Previously, I figured I&apos;d find love it I happened to stumble upon it, and I wouldn&apos;t if I didn&apos;t.
		It&apos;d be as simple as that, especially once my mind is more stable.
		When I was desperate and highly unstable, I considered online dating, but I gave up on that idea as my stability began returning to me.
		As my mental stability increases, my need for a partner decreases, so I thought there wasn&apos;t a need to actively search for a relationship.
		However, today, I realised how wrong I was in that assessment.
		If I find love through a chance meeting, such as if I happen to get to know someone by working alongside them for a while, we&apos;re not likely to share the same values.
		There&apos;s going to be a clash, and I&apos;m going to have to bend quite a bit.
		I was prepared for that.
		However, with online dating ...
		I can look through the profiles of several people in a relatively short period of time.
		I can look for people that would make a better partner for me on a mental level; and I&apos;ll be a better partner for them as well.
		A perfect match still isn&apos;t going to happen, but the chances of lifestyle clashes might be a lot lower.
		For example, who, like me, wants to live in a television-free home?
		Not many people seem to want that, but I can add keep that on the list of qualities I search for in a man.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F08-August%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

