<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Workflow, fairies, and aeronautical, advertised sorrows &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Workflow, fairies, and aeronautical, advertised sorrows</h1>
			<p>Day 00271: Thursday, 2015 December 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I went through my password database to make sure that all my public accounts are listed on my <a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">contact page</a>.
	I came across my Geocaching account, but I do not want to link to the Geocaching website though, as they do not allow logging over <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	I was about to delete my account, but instead, decided to open a <a href="https://support.groundspeak.com/index.php?pg=request.check&amp;id=642567gmeeju">support ticket</a> about the issue.
	Depending on how they respond, I will either add my Geocaching account to the list of places to find me or I will close the account.
</p>
<p>
	My search for a way to create decent onion address keys continues.
	Today, I came up with a new solution, one that is much more automated than my last.
	Previously, I was throwing a dictionary at eschalot and having it use word list mode to find onion addresses in which the first eight or more characters form a word.
	This has the obvious disadvantage that the end of the onion address is still random and often unreadable.
	The onion addresses generated must all be reviewed for readability by hand.
	I tried compressing an entire dictionary into a regular expression so I could require that the pattern of words repeat from beginning to end, but the regular expression was too large and eschalot could not handle that much input.
	My new solution is to instead focus on only words that are four characters long.
	between the fact that only so many four-letter words exist and the fact that the onion address&apos;s second level is divisible by four so I do not need to include words of another length, the regular expression was kept small enough for eschalot to handle.
	I tried using eight-character words instead of four-character words for better memorability, but that regular expression was too large.
	I was able to include all available sixteen-character words in my four-character word regular expression though, so if eschalot chances upon such a rare gem, it will not just be thrown out.
	While I still think that my solution needs some major reworking before it can be considered the optimal choice, it is the first solution that I have come up with that I feel is worth sharing.
	I call it <a href="https://notabug.org/y.st./fouroni">fouroni</a>; &quot;four&quot; being a reference to the fact that it uses four four-letter words and &quot;oni&quot; being the only three letters in the <code>//onion.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
	It actually spits out onion addresses at a reasonable rate, too; you only have to wait a few minutes to get your first address key.
</p>
<p>
	Before touching up fouroni enough to upload, I mentioned my new solution to creating readable onion addresses on <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23tor">#tor</a>.
	Only one person responded, and cacahuatl did not thing that it was a good idea.
	Instead, cacahuatl thought the proper solution was to translate onion addresses from their naturally-unreadable state into some sort of human-recognizable code, for lack of a better term.
	The idea is to convert each onion address into a <a href="https://github.com/0xcaca0/leekspeak">phrase of five English words</a> that can be translated back losslessly.
	The project that accomplishes this appears to be derived from a project that losslessly translates an onion addresses into a <a href="https://github.com/corcra/leekspeak">phrase of six English words</a>, though as the license of the newer project is incompatible with that of the first project, it may be a complete recoding of the project.
	When I mentioned that this solution would be great for verifying onion addresses but would not help with hyperlinks or Web browser address bars, cacahuatl said that this should be fixed with a Web browser plugin.
	I disagree.
	If a Web browser plugin is used, it will mean writing pages that depend on nonstandard domains.
	Instead, what should happen if this method of making onion addresses readable is to be used, is write them into <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&apos;s <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> handler itself.
	For example, if leekspeak translates <code>authorednansyxlu.onion</code> into the phrase &quot;workflow fairies aeronautical advertised sorrows&quot;, perhaps <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> should map <code>workflow-fairies-aeronautical-advertised-sorrows.leek.onion</code> to <code>authorednansyxlu.onion</code>.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

