<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>It is possible to become free of your Social Security number &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>It is possible to become free of your Social Security number</h1>
			<p>Day 00272: Friday, 2015 December 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My project from yesterday creates pronounceable onion addresses, but the onion addresses it produces are not easily <strong>*readable*</strong>.
	It is hard to see where one word ends and another starts.
	I am not sure if this is because the words are so short or because there are so many words present without any spaces between them.
	Today, I put together a new project that tackles the problem in a different way.
	The first version of it uses eschalot to search for onions beginning with eight-letter words and saves them to disk.
	A second script is then used to check the second half of the onion address to see if it is also an eight-letter word.
	I quickly decided to rework the code and and complicate it a bit.
	The new version uses eschalot to search for onion addresses starting with words eight to sixteen characters long, once again saving them to disk.
	The second script can then be used to compare the onion address against a series of word lists to determine the length of the initial word.
	The remaining part of the onion address is then compared against the word lists to see if it makes up a single word, and throws out any addresses that does not make the cut.
	It no doubt still trows out many pronounceable onion addresses, but at least this system does not require hand-sorting thousands of onion addresses spit out by eschalot.
	So far, the scripts have not judged any onion addresses to be usable, so perhaps they are too strict.
</p>
<p>
	I stumbled upon information today that said that <a href="https://www.answers.com/Q/Can_you_get_a_credit_card_without_a_Social_Security_number">one can have their Social Security number revoked</a>.
	When I think about the fact that I even have a Social Security number, it makes me a bit angry.
	The Enumeration at Birth Program was used to trick my parents into thinking that they had to get a Social Security number assigned to my siblings an I, as it has been used to trick many parents and as it was set up to do.
	I do not want a Social Security number though, and view the thing as a curse, not a boon.
	I thought that the assignment was irreversible; that I was stuck with this number forever.
	However, it seems that by sending a letter to the right place, I can fix this stupid mess.
	I will not act just yet, my mother would probably be pissed off if she ended up thinking that she needed my Social Security number for something later.
	I will get this fixed in due time though.
</p>
<p>
	From the sound of it, I may be headed back to Springfield again with my mother tomorrow, depending on her energy level.
	The primary goal this time will not be hauling stuff home, though we will no doubt do that too, but to get the house cleaned up enough for a real estate broker to come in.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

