<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cepo &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cepo</h1>
			<p>Day 00274: <time>Sunday, 2015 December 06</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	It seems that my new computer&apos;s name was <code>your-588b4a13ea</code>.
	That name will not do at all, so I will be renaming it after all.
	Upon installing the Wi-Fi card that I took from <a href="/en/domains/chicken.local.xhtml"><code>chicken</code></a>, the machine would not boot at all.
	Instead of showing the usual <abbr title="Basic Input/Output System">BIOS</abbr> screen, the monitor showed no picture and the machine just repeatedly beeped at me.
	I tried booting it a couple more times, but it was no use.
	While disappointed that my Wi-Fi card seemed to be broken enough to prevent booting, this problem seemed very similar to <code>chicken</code>&apos;s problem: it will not show any picture, leading me to believe that it is not functional.
	Hoping that the Wi-Fi card was indeed the issue, I tried booting <code>chicken</code> without it.
	No good.
	<code>chicken</code> stayed as dark as ever.
	So of course, I tried booting the new machine again, with the Wi-Fi card still in.
	Not only did the machine boot without issue, Windows detected new hardware, no doubt the Wi-Fi card.
	I have no idea what the problem is, but it appears to be gone.
	Just so that this weblog entry would not make it appear that I was not trying what appeared to be the obvious other solution, I tried using the new monitor that came with the new machine with <code>chicken</code>.
	As the monitor is not the issue, that did not help.
</p>
<p>
	When I named my past computers, I was both unaware that they automatically used permutations of their names within the <code>//local.</code> name space for <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> or that <a href="https://www.iana.org/assignments/special-use-domain-names/special-use-domain-names.xhtml"><code>//local.</code> names used for <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> are valid names</a>.
	As such, I just kind of used whatever names I felt like.
	However, now knowing this, I consulted <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1178"><abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 1178</a> for advice.
	One thing that it said was to limit name length to eight characters, so the name that I considered yesterday, &quot;insulo de aspiri&quot;, is too long.
	I also did more looking into the word &quot;aspiri&quot;, and it seems to have a meaning closer to &quot;aspire&quot; than &quot;hope&quot;.
	This is an old machine and it is trapped behind a restrictive <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>.
	I do not expect it to become something amazing.
	Its job is simply to provide me with a base of operations to work from in onion space; to act as a second home, seeing as my main home, <code>//y.st.</code>, cannot be properly utilized under the restrictive policies of my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>.
	If I later find a way to do something amazing on this machine later, that is all well and good, but my hope for this machine is quite humble.
	There are no real aspirations at work here.
	I instead named it <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local.xhtml"><code>cepo</code></a>, meaning &quot;onion&quot; in Esperanto.
</p>
<p>
	The installation went smoothly, and the amd64 installer was even able to detect and use the Wi-Fi card to retrieve needed packages from the Web.
	Unfortunately, once the system was installed and booted, it was not using the Wi-Fi card by default.
	I managed to get the Wi-Fi card online after much struggling with the help of a <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/WiFi/HowToUse#Command_Line">guide</a>, though the guide seems to be incomplete.
	It says to edit the <code>/etc/network/interfaces</code> file and add a &quot;wireless-mode [MODE]&quot; line, among other things.
	However, it gives no indication as to what [MODE] should be.
	After setting [MODE] to several different strings, I found a hint in a topic about <a href="https://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?t=7592">Raspbian</a>.
	The example configuration that was posted there had the [MODE] set to &quot;managed&quot;, so I tried that, and it seems to work.
	My home network&apos;s name, chosen by my mother, has a space in it, so I put quotation marks around the name in that file.
	It seems that this is unnecessary and counterproductive.
	Spaces are already treated as literal and so were the quotation marks.
	With the quotation marks removed, everything now works.
</p>
<p>
	The next problem was the lack of <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> support by default.
	<del>For some reason, when I install Debian with a desktop, <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> support comes preinstalled, but when I do not install a desktop, the package needed to provide <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> needs to be installed manually.</del> <ins>Come to think of it, at least one of my old installs without a desktop had <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> support by default, as when I descovered <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> support in Debian, I tested it on what was then my server, <code>chicken</code>.</ins> Instructions for <a href="https://wiki.debian.org/ZeroConf">enabling <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> support in Debian</a> said to install the avahi-daemon, avahi-discover, and libnss-mdns packages, which seems to have worked perfectly.
</p>
<p>
	Apache was not playing nicely today, just like last time that i had to configure it.
	After hours of debugging, I finally found one problem.
	The files in <code>/etc/apache2/sites-enabled/</code> are only read if their names end in &quot;.conf&quot;.
	This limitation did not exist in past versions, and I do not know why it was added.
	However, renaming the file was not all that was needed to make Apache read it.
	After a lot more struggling, I gave up.
	<a href="https://wowana.me/">Wowaname</a> convinced me to switch to NGINX.
	NGINX does not have <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> support, which could be problematic later, but at least I got the onion website back up off the ground.
	Wowaname walked me through it and showed me a few example configuration files.
	Getting NGINX to function was still a struggle though.
	I am not convinced that NGINX is easier to use by much, if at all.
</p>
<p>
	Transferring the onion to another machine disrupted use of TorChat at first.
	I thought that all I had to do was configure the onion address to point not at localhost, but at cepo&apos;s <abbr title="local area network">LAN</abbr> <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	However, changing some settings in TorChat&apos;s configuration fixed the issue.
	The main problem now is that the TorChat client now listens to any connection from a machine on the local network that claims to be TorChat&apos;s onion and this connection is on the post-decryption side.
	I thought that it already did this, so there was no further venerability (aside from the unencrypted messages being exposed on the <abbr title="local area network">LAN</abbr>), but TorCHat does not listen to connections from other machines by default.
	Another issue is that while I look like I am online at all times, I really am not.
	If you send me a message while I am offline, the message is lost instead of being saved on the sender&apos;s side until I return.
	While I setting up <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> on cepo to host the onion address, I also set it to act as a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay node.
	I do not dare set it to run as an exit node though with my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> being on the offensive.
	THere are rules to running multiple <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relays, and while I cannot be expected to know them all yet, I do know that if you run multiple relays, you are to set some sort of &quot;family&quot; variable to indicate that the relays are run by the same entity to prevent multiple relays run by the same entity from being used in a single circuit.
	Orbot&apos;s interface does not have the option to do that, and Orbot seems to ignore the extra configuration lines option, so I simply shut down that relay.
	As long as I am only running one relay, I do not have to worry about the multi-relay rules.
	If I get a second full server up some time, I can worry about running multiple relays and following the multi-relay rules at that time.
	Besides, Orbot acting as a relay was seriously impacting my mobile&apos;s battery life, so it will be nice to not have to charge the thing as often now.
</p>
<p>
	This website is a mess.
	The combination of the split darknet/clearnet website model combined with the change in onion address when that was over has done a number on it.
	Many hyperlinks are broken, and I really need to get all of that fixed before the first of December.
	When the first hits, all pages will receive an update to the &quot;Weblog&quot; hyperlink at the top of the page, triggering a signature recalculation site-wide.
	Any page that has to be updated after that point will stand out to anyone that actually checks signatures and knows how to read the signing date.
	I might as well take this time to also build the index page for <code>/en/weblog/</code>.
	It does not hurt to have that out early as long as I do not directly link to it.
	(it is fine if people visit that page, it just cannot be the main weblog index.)
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

