<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Setting up ownCloud &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Setting up ownCloud</h1>
			<p>Day 00275: <time>Monday, 2015 December 07</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I went to install ownCloud today, but it seems to have a dependency on Apache.
	The package information says that ownCloud can use either the <a href="apt:apache2"><code>apache2</code></a> or <a href="apt:httpd"><code>httpd</code></a>.
	<code>httpd</code> is a virtual package provided by the <code>apache2</code> package, but it is also provided the <a href="apt:nginx-full"><code>nginx-full</code></a> package, which I installed yesterday.
	Theoretically, Aptitude should not have tried to install Apache.
	In any case, it seemed that I would need to set up Apache if I was to use ownCloud for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, <a href="https://wowana.me/">wowaname</a> talked about the importance of running every onion website on a different port to prevent spoofing attacks that make use of the host name header.
	As such, I set NGINX up on a nonstandard port and set Tor to direct port 443 connections to this other port.
	Knowing that NGINX was running on a nonstandard port so Apache would not clash with it, I reinstalled Apache.
	Somehow, Apache functioned correctly using the same configuration files that were not working yesterday.
	I have no idea what could have possibly have changed.
	The only issue came when I tried to configure Apache to use the port that Tor is redirecting connections to.
	I had forgotten that NGINX was still bound to this port.
	After shutting NGINX down, Apache bound to the port correctly and everything is running fine.
	Why could it not have been this easy yesterday?
</p>
<p>
	I decided to set up ownCloud&apos;s database the easy way, so I tried to install phpMyAdmin.
	I ran into difficulties when setting it up though.
	The install scripts from the phpMyAdmin package wanted to set up phpMyAdmin&apos;s database, but it kept failing to connect to the local database server.
	Eventually, I located the issue: while phpMyAdmin requires a local instance of MySQL in order to function, it does not depend on the MySQL server package.
</p>
<p>
	I found out that every <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay node can be looked up online.
	My node should be listed, but for whatever reason, <a href="https://atlas.torproject.org/#details/0581BFCBE8DDE10719870F19AB08AA515253F485">it is not</a>.
	I restarted my relay while debugging, so it might mess with the uptime stat, but everything on my end looks fine.
	The error log says <q>Dec 07 19:14:35.000 [notice] Self-testing indicates your ORPort is reachable from the outside.
	Excellent.
	Publishing server descriptor.</q>, so my relay should be reachable from the outside world.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

