<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>I want a DNS server &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I want a <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server</h1>
			<p>Day 00277: Wednesday, 2015 December 09</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Josh Woodward released a Christmas song called <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/MyChristmasList">My Christmas List</a>.
	I am not Christian and I do not celebrate holidays in general, butthe message and tune of this song are nice anyway.
	For Christmas, all he wants is a little peace; peace would be nice.
	Professor Shyguy released <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a> today too.
	I do not feel up to listening to the full album today though, it has been a long day and one song is about all I can take.
	I might listen to it in the comming days depending on my mood and depending on if anyone is around.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://wowana.me/">Wowaname</a> went offline for the fist part of today.
	Her website was down, my website was down, and her <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server was down.
	It seems that her <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr> just went down on her for some reason.
	I did not ask why though, she tends to get touchy when people start asking about technical difficulties.
</p>
<p>
	Now that my ownCloud instance is back up, I once again need an email client that has CardDAV support.
	If I recall, Evolution has issues, but it does support both CardDAV and <abbr title="Pretty Good Privacy">PGP</abbr> encryption, and I do not think I ever found any other email client with CardDAV support to choose from.
	When setting it up, Evolution refused to allow me to skip the part where I configure it to connect to a server.
	It is stupid when email clients do that.
	I needed to configure the proxy settings before I could allow it to reach a remote server.
	Luckily, Evolution allowed me to enter bogus values when setting it up instead of trying to connect before allowing me to continue.
	I am not yet ready to put my contacts back online, but I do want to start getting used to Evolution again.
</p>
<p>
	I looked into transferring my credits from my old school to the local community collage, but there was no information on their website about how to determine which of your credits are eligible for transfer.
	I found a contact email address, though I think that it was the wrong one for this sort of problem, so I asked if the recipient could either help or direct me to someone that could.
</p>
<p>
	I have presented my mother with two options as to mobile devices that she can get me based on what she has said.
	She really seems to want me to have an iPhone, despite the fact that I have often talked about how awful I think that they are and the fact that they do not do any of the things that I expect of my mobile.
	She has expressed concern about the price of the iPhone, because she thinks that if I had gotten one when she had wanted me to, then it would have been gratis.
	However, it would have come with a two-year contract and would have had a raised bill during those two months.
	Not only does the price in dollars still exist, you also sell away your freedom.
	The budget-friendly option I suggested was a $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> Android that would only cost $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> every three months to maintain, a much cheaper device and monthly fee than the carrier that she wants me on.
	The second option was an iPhone under $45 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, which would pay for itself in a few months by being off-contract and getting the lower monthly rate compared to the contract option that she wanted me on before.
	She expressed concerns that the cheap iPhone was several models older than hers, asking me if it would fit my needs with it being so old.
	I did not know how to respond.
	If I reminded her that no iPhone of any model can meet any of my needs, she would have flown off the deep end, so I simply replied that I was unsure.
	I have told her several time in the past that she can do whatever she wants mobile-wise with me, every time that she has complained about my choice in mobiles and mobile plans, but she keeps not making any moves and then complaining to me again.
	This time, I have presented her with options, so if she fails to make any choices and complains to me again, I will remind her that I am waiting on her decision before I can act.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to find a photography studio with reasonable rates, but most of the ones that I could find did not list prices.
	One had a formatted price list, but the spot where the prices themselves should have been was just blank.
	The only photography studio that I could find with actual prices listed had very high prices, though my mother said that this was normal.
	Why do people waste their money on this sort of thing?
</p>
<p>
	I learned an important lessen about <code>//localhost.</code> today.
	If you care whether <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Four">IPv4</abbr> or <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Six">IPv6</abbr> is used, specify the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address, not the host name.
	Evolution was having issues using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> today because it was using the <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Six">IPv6</abbr> loopback address and I do not have <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Six">IPv6</abbr> service.
	I prefer names over numbers, but sometimes it is more effective to work with numbers when you need to configure things.
</p>
<p>
	I am considering setting up a local <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server to help me learn more about <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	For a long time, <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> has been important to me, as names are very powerful things and to own a name is to be reachable.
	I decided to go through the information on <a href="https://www.iana.org/assignments/special-use-domain-names/special-use-domain-names.xhtml">special-use domain names</a> so that I would know exactly which names I am officially allowed to commandeer with my <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server and not.
	The first thing that I found is that <code>//254.169.in-addr.arpa.</code> is not included with the rest of the special-use <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Four">IPv4</abbr> addresses.
	While I can use the other special-use <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> blocks in conjunction with my name server, <code>//254.169.in-addr.arpa.</code> is instead reserved for use in <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr>, the way that I had originally thought that all the special-use <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> blocks were reserved.
	Additionally, all special-use <abbr title="Internet Protocol version Six">IPv6</abbr> <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> blocks are reserved for use with <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr>.
	My guess is that the reason that I do not have matching multicast <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> functionality to go with my regular <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> functionality is that my Wi-Fi router operates in the 10.0.0.* range and the 10.*.*.* range&apos;s <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> blocks are reserved for local name servers, not <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> lookups.
	I decided to put up a page sorting the different <a href="/en/URI_research/special-use_domains.xhtml">special-use domain names</a> by their general implementation.
	It seems that the only available <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> for personal network use is <code>//test.</code>, so I will use that domain block as well as the <code>//10.in-addr.arpa.</code> block for use for the network&apos;s <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	I found a couple interesting things while working on that tiny research project.
	First, the classification of the <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7686"><code>//onion.</code></a> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> as special is no longer a draft; it is not an official standard according to the <abbr title="Internet Engineering Task Force">IETF</abbr>, complete with its own <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr>.
	Second, I found that <a href="https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6761"><abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> 6761</a> is inconsistent.
	According to this <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr>, if a special domain can be implemented using standard <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> registration, then it is not actually special at all and should not be defined as such.
	It then goes on to specify four different domains as special and says that the special way that they need to be handled is to not treat them any different than regular <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> names and that they are registered in the name of <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr>, who hosts Web pages at those names explaining their use (only three of these names are actually registered by <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> and have this webpage).
	The <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr>s are supposed to define our standards, but it seems that they are not always even consistent with themselves.
</p>
<p>
	Shinra, a new user in <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>, offered to list my onion address on his/her <a href="http://3kdoxgctozvwsryv.onion/"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> classifieds</a> page.
	Only after I accepted did I see that the website charges a modest fee.
	He.she has said nothing since I told him/her my onion address, so I do not know if he/she is actually going to charge me.
	If so, I suppose I will pay, but only if I can use a basic credit card.
	I do not yet know how to use any crypto-currencies.
</p>
<p>
	The power went out for a few minutes, knocking <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local.xhtml">cepo</a> and this website offline.
	Not wanting to disturb my sleeping family, I will not get the server started back up unill tomorrow morning.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

