<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>An adult coloring club &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>An adult coloring club</h1>
			<p>Day 00280: Saturday, 2015 December 12</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I started out my day helping my mother in her classroom again.
	We did not stay long this time though.
	After that, we went to an adult coloring club meet-up at the local library.
	It appears that while today, the first meet-up, was scheduled on the second Saturday of the month, subsequent meet-ups will occur on the third Saturday of each month.
	Even if she does not go, I think that I will attempt to attend these, both to get out of the house and to work on my coordination in my left hand.
	While I am mostly-ambidextrous, I still have issues with more intricate tasks with my left hand and I want to fix that.
	If I had time, I would probably take up cross-stitching again just to practice using my left hand.
</p>
<p>
	I had a passing thought today.
	As I now control the household <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>, I could block websites and services that are not privacy-friendly by simply making their <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> records return <code>NXDOMAIN</code> results.
	I decided that this would be censorship though, and would therefor be an evil thing for me to do.
	Taking control of the <code>//test.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>, which <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> allocated for such use, is one thing.
	I should not abuse my newfound power though, even if it is only power over the machines in this one house.
</p>
<p>
	I want to set up some sort of registry here within the house where any of us can register domains.
	I tried to find some software that takes care of that, but my search came up empty.
	I think that I will try building my own solution for this.
	I will likely use the local <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses of the machines on the network to determine the owner of the machines, and cause any domain registered to be bound to that person.
	Domains registered would then only be manageable on machines owned by that person, no password or user name required.
	The question is, do I want these domains to be hierarchal or not? If I choose a hierarchal modal, I will probably need to have the script set up a separate file for each second-level domain, then have it concatenate the files to rebuild the main zone file each time someone updates any of the records.
	If I choose a non-hierarchal model, I will probably instead have edits to the main zone file directly, and comments in the file will keep track of who owns each domain.
</p>
<p>
	On second thought, maybe I will just make edits to the zone file by hand for now.
	I am the only person in the house that cares enough about <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> to want any domain names anyway.
</p>
<p>
	I wrote in to the person in charge of scheduling appointments at the local community collage, though I do not axpect to hear back until Monday.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of email, I do not recall what my beef with Evolution is.
	I have not been having any trouble with Evolution this time, and it seems to be a lot better email client than Sylpheed.
	For one thing, I do not need to bother with Sylpheed&apos;s silly search directories; I can perform actual searches directly in my inbox.
	Sylpheed&apos;s in-inbox searching was highly limited.
	I could not even perform a basic search for emails sent to a specific one of my addresses! In Evolution, I can just enter my email address in the search bar, and the emails that I am looking for pop right up.
	The number of emails (read or unread) is also visible without me performing a search in Evolution.
	In Sylpheed, the number of emails in my inbox is only visible when I perform a search that matches at least one email, in which case I am told that X out of Y emails match, so I know that I have Y emails in my inbox.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

