<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Not Implemented Tor IP not allowed &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Not Implemented <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> not allowed</h1>
			<p>Day 00281: <time>Sunday, 2015 December 13</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	To work with the <code>//test.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>, I set clearnet access to my <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> server.
	It took longer than it should have due to changes in Debian&apos;s Apache package that I had forgotten about.
	Specifically, files in <code>/etc/apache2/sites-enabled/</code> are only read if their names end in &quot;.conf&quot;.
	This is idiotic.
	If it was like this from the beginning, that would be one thing, but this change brakes my old configuration files for no good reason.
	Nothing should be in that directory unless it is a symbolic link to a configuration file, so any file in that directory should be treated as a configuration file regardless of its file name, just as it used to be.
</p>
<p>
	Sometimes, when I sign petition, I end up on peoples&apos; mailing lists.
	Today, I got fed up with one of these lists that I am now on.
	The group sends my emails asking me to sign other petitions, but when I clicked on their links, I would always receive a mostly-blank page that would <q>Not Implemented <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> not allowed</q>.
	They even had the nerve to hide the &quot;unsubscribe&quot; option behind such an anti-<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> wall! This made me incredibly angry, so I wrote them a firm letter explaining that if they were going to have such anti-<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> policies, they needed to remove me from their mailing list.
	I also reminded them that their unsubscribe page was blocking me too, so I could not even unsubscribe myself.
	I have not received a response, but soon after writing, I accidentally ended up on their website again.
	Mysteriously, they no longer seem to block <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes.
	I even tried to return several times later, and it seems that their block on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes is still in place, but incomplete.
	Their error page tells me that the block on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes is a direct attack on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes though; <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is not being accidentally hit by this.
	I do not want to be involved with a group that would intentionally discourage <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> use.
</p>
<p>
	I spent a good chunk of the day working in the classroom again.
	When we left, my mother wanted to grab a conifer for her holiday celebrations.
	Strangely enough, she asked that I be the one to choose the tree, despite me being the only person in the house that does not like holidays of any type.
	Of the trees that were shown to us, only one looked to be undamaged, so I chose that one and explained my reasoning.
	She seemed satisfied, so I suppose that means mission accomplished.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

