<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Odds &amp; ends &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Odds &amp; ends</h1>
			<p>Day 00282: Monday, 2015 December 14</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I have finally managed to process all of my email.
	I need to make sure that I keep up with my email this time and do not fall behind again.
</p>
<p>
	The person in charge of scheduling appointments at the local community collage wrote back to me saying that she would forward my message to the person that does not seem to be reachable by email.
	I have not yet received a response from him though.
</p>
<p>
	Professor Shyguy sent out a <a href="http://us10.campaign-archive2.com/?u=f37563877641bbea51e5dbfe2&amp;id=c385ec0ed0&amp;e=1240942e57">mailing list update</a> saying that he now has a <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/merch/64gb-usb-drive-sale-fragmentation-version">second <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> available for sale.
	This second <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive also has his directory of &quot;odds and ends&quot; material that he has not otherwise made available like the first.
	However, for a limited time, this <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> costs $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>} less than the first one if you preordered <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a>.
	Professor Shyguy said to email him if we wanted to take him up on the discount offer, so I took that opportunity to finally write and ask about the license of the &quot;odds and ends&quot; material.
	I was interested in the initial <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive just to get this material, but I had not taken the time to ask yet.
	Below is his response.
</p>
<blockquote><pre>It&apos;s free to use on any sites and such.
	 It&apos;s not exactly &quot;creative
commons&quot; but the &quot;odds &amp; ends&quot; isn&apos;t copywritten because I don&apos;t plan on
doing anything with it.
	Thanks!
 - Brandt

On Mon, Dec 14, 2015 at 4:58 PM, y.st.
	&lt;y@y.st&gt; wrote:

&gt; Greetings Professor Shyguy,
&gt;
&gt; I am interested in your USB offer.
	Before I buy it though, I have to ask
&gt; about the license.
	I noticed that it contains &apos;a folder just full of
&gt; &quot;Odds &amp; Ends&quot;&apos;.
	Are those covered by your usual CC BY-SA license? I am a
&gt; free culture enthusiast, so I only buy music that is under a CC BY or CC
&gt; BY-SA license.
&gt;
&gt; Thank you for the information and your great music,
&gt; Yst Dawson</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	As we can see, Professor Shyguy does not seem to understand how copyright law works.
	Specifically, any creative work he creates is copyrighted, whether he wants it to be or not.
	However, he has no intention of asserting his copyright over this work, and that is good enough for me.
	Just to be on the safe side though, I am saving his letter here in my weblog.
	In the off chance that something bad happens, I have the exact wording of his permission to use this work freely.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

