<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>A black plastic shell &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A black plastic shell</h1>
			<p>Day 00283: Tuesday, 2015 December 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Yesterday after I had already finalized me weblog entry, I found that my <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/merch/64gb-usb-drive-sale-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a> order had not gone through.
	I had received an email from Discover alerting me to a charge, so I asumed that the order had been completed, but instead PayPal had sent their usual $1 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> charge that they later reverse in order to check and insure that the card is chargeable.
	However, in order to finalize the order, I had to click past their page that pressures users into creating a PayPal account.
	I had already closed the Web browser tab though and ShyGuy had already hidden the secret discount page again.
	Embarrassed, I had to write him back and explain that the order had not gone through and ask him to make the page available again for a little while.
	Today, he wrote to me saying that he is sending out orders today, and asked if I wanted a <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive with a black plastic shell or a grey plastic shell.
	I had not even known that black was an option, as it is not in the photograph on the product page, but the photograph that he emailed me looked pretty good.
	I chose the black case.
</p>
<p>
	I started some light work on a <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>/MySQL-based Web forum software project that I am tentatively calling <a href="https://notabug.org/y.st./FreeForum">FreeForum</a>.
	Mainly, I just did some planning and note writing, but it is a start.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>, I read the skeletal draft of a future <a href="https://wiki.php.net/rfc/case-sensitivity">proposal to make <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> case sensitive</a>.
	It seems to have been started late last year and still has not seen much progress, but if completed and accepted, it would be a huge step forward! Other languages are properly case sensitive.
	Why is <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> not? Despite its many problems, <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> is my favorite language and it would be nice if it could become even better.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that my sister will be coming over for a few days tomorrow.
	Additionally, it seems that all of us will be headed back to Springfield for a while on Monday.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa and Cyrus had nachos today, but they did not cook meat to go on them.
	When our mother found out, she became angry.
	She claims that because they did not have meat with this one meal, they must be trying to go vegetarian.
	First of all, they have meat with almost every meal, so what is the big deal if they skip the meat every once in a while? Second, there is no problem with going vegetarian.
	Neither of her eldest two children want to eat flesh and she knows it.
	However, she takes any desire to not eat the same diet as her as some sort of attack on her personally.
</p>
<p>
	The local community collage did not write back today.
	I think that I might go back to the job hunt tomorrow.
	If they have still not written by Sunday, I will write to them again asking if there are any updates on my request for an appointment.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

