<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>Apple and mDNS &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Apple and <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr></h1>
			<p>Day 00284: <time>Wednesday, 2015 December 16</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I have been waiting to join the federated social networks until I can get the resources to host my own instances at my own domains.
	However, it seems that I will not have the resources any time soon.
	Because I have not joined these networks yet, I have been relying on nonfederated social media more that I otherwise would have.
	It is time to put a stop to that, so I joined some federated social networks today using other peoples&apos; instances, despite the fact that I am unable to use my own domain when doing so.
	When the time comes that I am able to use my own domain for my full social presence, I will just have to cancel my old accounts that I have created today.
</p>
<p>
	I started with <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> Social.
	Looking over a <a href="http://skilledtests.com/wiki/List_of_Independent_Statusnet_Instances">list of available instances</a>, I found that there were several options to choose from.
	First, I looked for instances that used one of my <a href="/en/URI_research/best_ccTLDs.xhtml">favorite <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s</a>, the ones that do not ask for a telephone number when registering under.
	The only such option was at <code>//pags.to.</code>, but anything posted at that instance has all rights reserved.
	That really did not seem like a good option for me.
	Next, I looked for instances at short domains.
	<code>//bka.li.</code> was the shortest option, but all posted content there is released under the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial">CC BY-NC</abbr> license, which is even worse.
	At least if all rights are reserved, I could additionally release under a free license, but if my posts are released under a nonfree license, I can still additionally release my posts under a free license, but I cannot repeal the nonfree license.
	The next-shortest domain that I could find a working instance at was <code>//indy.im.</code>.
	This option partially runs over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> and all posts are released under a free non-copyleft license, but registration there is not available.
	I tried finding an option that always uses <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>, releases posts under a copyleft license, and has open registration, but there was no such instance on the list, at least not one that was still actually online.
	I eventually became overwhelmed looking for an instance with a good combination of options and just went with one of the recommended options, <code>//gnusocial.no.</code>.
	However, this instance, despite being on the <a href="http://gnu.io/social/try/">recommended list</a> does not have open registrations, so I chose <a href="https://loadaverage.org/main/all"><code>//loadaverage.org.</code></a> instead.
</p>
<p>
	The pump.io website only listed one place to register an account, so I registered there.
</p>
<p>
	To find a diaspora* pod, I looked down the main pod list for new users, though I will not link to it due to it being behind a CloudFlair anti-<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall.
	Three pods on the list claim to federate not only with the diaspora* network, but also with four other social networks.
	Of those, <a href="https://diaspora.permutationsofchaos.com/">one had an English interface</a>, so that is the one I chose.
	Once registered, I found that posting to any of the networks that this pod connects with, I would have to already have accounts on those networks, so I did not really gain access to anywhere that I did not already have access to by choosing this pod, but at least it helped me make a decision.
</p>
<p>
	Some random person just wrote to me offering to write a unique article for my website in exchange for allowing them to include a link in the article.
	They used the email address listed in my source code, not the email address listed on my contact page, leading me to believe that they used some sort of robot to scrape my email address.
	I wrote back saying that I would be happy to host such an article and link, but that the article must be released under the same <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr> license as the rest of my website.
	I am not sure if this condition will be acceptable to the writer, but if it is, my website might be getting a fresh article soon.
</p>
<p>
	Theunknownman from <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a> is starting up an Internet radio station and asked everyone to supply music for it.
	I have a fair library of it though, so by the time I had it uploaded, theunknownman had left.
	Perhaps I will be able to pass it along tomorrow.
	One of the things that I love about having only free music in my library is that it is completely legal for me to give away my music like this.
	My guess is that most of the other people giving theunknownman music are doing it illegally.
</p>
<p>
	My sister came today.
	I talked to her about my weblog here, and asked if she had an alias that she would prefer I call her by, as it seems a bit formal to call her &quot;my sister&quot; all the time.
	She had no preference though, saying that I could use her legal name or any alias that I saw fit.
	A name is a very important thing though, so I cannot simply assign her an alias.
	Because she did not choose one herself, I suppose I will use her legal name here: Vivian.
	<em>(Note: Vivian is <strong>*not*</strong> her legal name, but in 2018, she ashed me to replace instances of her legal name with this name.)</em>
</p>
<p>
	Vivian, Cyrus, and I discussed our mother and her mental state, as Vivian wants to share information about her work to help end poverty with her but fears how she will react.
	It is this very sort of thing that could set our mother off again.
	In the end, we decided that it was probably best not to mention it to our mother, as the chance of anything good coming from it was much slimmer than the chance of it blowing up in Vivian&apos;s face.
</p>
<p>
	It is always nice speaking with Vivian.
	She helps me remember that I am not the one around here that is completely insane.
	She agrees with me that our mother is likely bipolar and definitely has her priorities and thought processes way out of whack.
</p>
<p>
	With Vivian&apos;s Apple laptop back on the local network, I decided to try detecting it with the <code>mdns-scan</code> command.
	However, her laptop does not respond! I find this quite strange, as my current understanding is that Apple invented <abbr title="multicast Domain Name System">mDNS</abbr> and her laptop does respond to its own <code>//local.</code> address, if you know it.
	It just does not respond to <code>PTR</code> queries to the <a href="/en/domains/_services._dns-sd._udp.local.xhtml"><code>//_services._dns-sd._udp.local.</code></a> domain.
	I will probably look into this more tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	The school still has not written back to me.
	I once again made the mistake of updating my mother on the progress of this task, though it does not seem to have blown up in my face this time.
	She suggested going in in person to make the appointment, which was on my list of plans, but I was not going to do it just yet.
	Perhaps I will try walking in tomorrow and see what happens.
	I still think that waiting a bit longer for a return email would be a good idea before I go it, but I doubt that this should do any harm.
	I have already waited a couple days for what should have been a fairly quick response.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

