<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>I may go to Portland after all! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I may go to Portland after all!</h1>
			<p>Day 00286: Friday, 2015 December 18</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The weather today was clear enough to pay a visit to the school, but due to the early-morning party, I was too tired to drop by.
	I could have probably made the journey just fine, but if I ended up having to talk to someone for a prolonged period of time, my lack of mental clarity today might have caused problems.
	Besides, I had already committed to getting the health insurance form and change of address forms delivered to the post office.
	By some strange coincidence, I met a man asking for directions to the post office on the way, so I was able to lead him directly there.
</p>
<p>
	I finally saw theunknownman again today, so I was able to make the music handoff.
</p>
<p>
	I paid the Replicant website a visit to make sure I knew what I was talking about as far as which devices were supported.
	While there, I found that <a href="https://blog.replicant.us/2015/09/replicant-4-2-0004-images-release/">a new system update has been available since September</a>.
	Updating the system is always a pain though.
	First of all, because my device is securely encrypted, ClockworkMod (the recovery system) is unable to install from a ZIP file on the internal storage.
	However, because ClockworkMod&apos;s programmers failed to include basic ext4 support for mounting the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card, installing from the external <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card is a huge hassle.
	I have to relearn how to make it work every time.
	Thankfully, devnull of <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a> walked me through most of it.
	I ended up having to install <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> on <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newdawn</a> so reach the mobile&apos;s shell, where the command to mount the external <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card for system installation was <code>mount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk1 /external_sd</code>.
	While on the Replicant website, I also found that <a href="https://blog.replicant.us/2015/12/shops-selling-devices-pre-installed-with-replicant/">two companies are selling devices with Replicant pre-installed</a>.
	Trying to get Replicant installed for the first time took several days to figure out, so having companies selling already-working devices will probably lower the barrier to Replicant adoption.
</p>
<p>
	I do not understand the exact contect in which she was able to work it in, but Vivian asked our mother about bringing me to Salem with her to give our mother a break from me and work on teaching me to drive.
	However she did it, our mother did not freak out right away and her only stated issue is that she somehow thinks that I will have managed to start school in January, so I will be unable to leave.
	The school is not writing me back though, so I do not have the information that I need before I can enrol and they likely closed for winter break today.
	There simply is no way for me to get the information that I would need in that short amount of time.
	If she is to teach me how to drive though, I need to find a photography studio and get these photographs taken before we leave, assuming we will actually be able to accomplish this.
	Vivian lied and said that she had not yet talked to me about taking me with her, which probably helped in preventing our mother from going off the deep end, but it is sad that such a precaution was even necessary.
</p>
<p>
	I received an automated letter from the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> project saying that they appreciate the fact that I am running a relay node and that my node has now been running long enough to be considered stable.
	The letter also contained my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay fingerprint and an invitation to register for a service that will alert me to issues with my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> node such as my node going down or my software being out of date.
	It seems that when I asked my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> instance for its fingerprint, the fingerprint was not the same one used by my node&apos;s relay activities, which is the reason it could not be found in the Atlas.
	It turns out that my node is in fact visible, <a href="https://atlas.torproject.org/#details/B1F43963417031F4F43D2EB7D62D148F9DACF5EF">provided you use the correct fingerprint</a>.
	My node is even flagged as being fast! It is a shame that I cannot run an exit node due to my <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr> being jumpy, but at least I can give something back to the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

