<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Do not attempt to forward onions directly to other onions &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Do not attempt to forward onions directly to other onions</h1>
			<p>Day 00288: <time>Sunday, 2015 December 20</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	While sorting music from <a href="http://professorshyguy.com/">Professor Shyguy</a>&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, I found that <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/rated-heart">Rated Heart</a> has a new track since sometime after I purchased it.
	While I did not put it together right away, it seems that this track is the full version of a proprietary sample that he once released, but this time, it has been made free and added to a free album.
	There seems to be some gaps in this collection though.
	In particular, only partial copies of <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/the-instrumentals">The Instrumentals</a> and <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/triforce-tour-triforce-collected">Triforce Tour - Triforce Collected</a> are included and one proprietary album that I will not mention and was not going to listen to anyway was left out entirely.
	I will need to purchase the partial albums separately to get the full versions.
	I think that all the included tracks have <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files present, but many do not have the <abbr title="Waveform Audio File Format">WAVE</abbr> files that most do.
	Very few tracks are present in <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> format.
	This <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive sale is a better offer for people that use <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr>s than for those that like myself use Vorbis files, but it is definitely nice to have the exclusive files.
	Some of them are older versions of songs from before they were released, but a few seem to be entirely different songs.
	For my sorting-by-license purposes, I decided that it was safest to consider any song to have the same license as its on-Bandcamp counterpart, even if it is an alternative version, and only take into account <a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml">Professor Shyguy&apos;s &quot;no copyright&quot; assertion</a> for songs unique to the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive.
	Specifically, I found these tracks to be unavailable on his Bandcamp page:
</p>
<ul><li>.<ul>
	<li>MP3s<ul>
		<li>0000 - Odds.
	 Also ends<ul>
			<li>2012 - The Aeronauts - The White Lie Album<ul>
				<li>The Aeronauts - 01 - One White Lie.mp3</li>
				<li>The Aeronauts - 02 - One White Lie 2.mp3</li>
				<li>The Aeronauts - 03 - One White Lie 3.mp3</li>
				<li>The Aeronauts - 04 - The Villain (Acoustic).mp3</li>
				<li>The Aeronauts - 05 - The Aeronauts - SBF (Acoustic).mp3</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>2004 - Brandt Cooley - Happy Parallel<ul>
				<li>Brandt Cooley - Happy Parallel - 17 Pull Paradox (Bonus Track).mp3</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>Another One Bytes the Dust (Short).mp3</li>
			<li>Professor Shyguy - Helix Prophecy.mp3</li>
			<li>Professor Shyguy - Star Stuff (Demo).mp3</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>WAVs<ul>
		<li>0000 - Odds &amp; Ends<ul>
			<li>Professor Shyguy - Helix Prophecy.wav</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul></li>
</ul></li></ul>
<p>
	While building the above nested list by hand, I realized that it would have been much easier if I could have told my machine to build the list form me based on the actual structure of the directory.
	After I finished, I built a <a href="https://notabug.org/y.st./php/src/master/st/y/dir_to_ul.function">new function</a> to handle this sort of situation for me next time, should I find myself in a similar situation later.
	I also decided to add a version number to my <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> script library.
	If I am going to work on building reusable code that depends on this library, such as the forum software I am going to build, I need to have version numbers so that it is easy to understand what version of the library is needed.
</p>
<p>
	I logged into <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local.xhtml"><code>cepo</code></a> today to get <a href="https://github.com/ReclaimYourPrivacy/eschalot">eschalot</a> and <a href="https://notabug.org/y.st./eightoni">twooni</a> set up, and I found an interesting change.
	Specifically, the <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> greeting that lists where my last login was from listed the domain returned by a query of my local <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address against the <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr> entries on my local <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server! I had no idea that the <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> server even bothered with <abbr title="reverse Domain Name System">rDNS</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	I will not name any names, but someone told me that it is possible to forward a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> hidden service port to a port on another hidden service instead of an <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	I tried doing that, and it caused <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> to shut down entirely, costing my my relay uptime.
	In other words, this setup is not in fact possible.
	To insure that services can safely be moved away from the machine running the onion address, services should use extra encryption in addition to that provided by <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	For example, use <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr> with your onion addresses, not <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

