<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Flash proxies &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Flash proxies</h1>
			<p>Day 00289: <time>Monday, 2015 December 21</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	While I sorted <a href="http://professorshyguy.com/">Professor Shyguy</a>&apos;s music yesterday as far as license is concerned, it took a bit more time to prepare the tracks for use on my mobile.
	Specifically, I needed to rename and sort the files based on the respective track titles and album titles.
	I took care of that today, but found that most of the <abbr title="Waveform Audio File Format">WAVE</abbr> files included on the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive are missing their meta data.
	Additionally, when moving them to my mobile, I ran into a particular Replicant anti-feature again.
	Replicant can handle having working with case-sensitive file systems, but it fights against the intended case sensitivity of the file systems, preventing the user from actually taking advantage of it.
	From what I understand, Replicant inherits this abomination from Android.
	I never have found a way around it, besides pulling the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card out and directly changing the file names to what they should be from my laptop.
	Once the files exist with their correct and case-sensitive names, Replicant reads them correctly, the only issue is getting those files in place to begin with.
	Furthermore, Replicant always messes with the file permissions of files on my <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card, so I always have to work with the file names on my laptop using root permissions.
</p>
<p>
	I realized today that my new directory tree to <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> unordered list translator had a fatal flaw.
	Specifically, a file name can contain characters that have specific meaning in <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> files, but my function treated them as regular characters, allowing them to end up in the list and break the validity of the <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> returned.
	This was an easy thing to fix though.
</p>
<p>
	My mother found one of those passive mobile device signal amplifiers in her stuff, but seeing as she uses an iPhone, she was unable to make use of it.
	This is because the iPhones are so locked down that you cannot even open the battery compartment.
	In any case, she gave the thing to me.
</p>
<p>
	I learned about a different sort of bridge system for <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	Instead of using unpublished <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay servers, this system instead uses random peoples&apos; Web browsers as proxies.
	They call this system <a href="https://crypto.stanford.edu/flashproxy/">flash proxies</a>, and your Web browser acts as one as long as your Web browser is compatible with the system and you have a Web page loaded that contains a special flash proxy badge.
	Additionally, there is a <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/tor-flashproxy-badge/">Web browser plugin</a> that allows your browser to function as a flash proxy even when no such page is loaded.
	I both added the flash proxy badge to <a href="/">my main website</a> and installed the Web browser plugin, though adding the badge to my website was not straightforward.
	The problem is that the default embed code uses the obsoleted <code>&lt;iframe/&gt;</code> tag, which is not valid in <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 1.1.
	With some modification, I think that I got it working though.
	For anyone interested in doing the same, the code I used is below:
</p>
<pre><code>&lt;object data=&quot;//crypto.stanford.edu/flashproxy/embed.html&quot;
					type=&quot;text/html&quot; width=&quot;80&quot; height=&quot;15&quot;&gt;
	&lt;a href=&quot;https://crypto.stanford.edu/flashproxy/options.html&quot;&gt;flash proxy&lt;/a&gt;
&lt;/object&gt;</code></pre>
<p>
	My original plan was to write back to the school if they had not responded by yesterday, but I decided not to do that.
	I think that the school is closed for winter vacation, so I will write back to them when I think that they have opened once more.
</p>
<p>
	I forgot to mention that Vivian, Cyrus, Vanessa, ans I started playing the role-playing game that Cyrus wanted to play with us.
	I do not want to hurt Cyrus&apos; feelings or anything, but it really was not my cup of tea.
	I do much better with rules that are set in stone with no room for interpretation, such as with a computer-based game.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that we are going to Springfield tomorrow.
	Come to think of it, I thought that the plan was to go today, but I am glad that that did not happen.
	I did not sleep well last night, so staying home was nice.
</p>
<p>
	I have begun even more work to clean up this website in preparation for January.
	When I had this website tangled with my clearnet site, I used a lot of protocol-relative <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	In fact, I modified every page on this site and the clearnet site to contain them.
	I think that I have removed them all from the clearnet site, but this website is much bigger.
	I have begun clearing them out of this place now too.
	To be clear, these hyperlinks are perfectly valid and point to real Web pages, they just do not fit the style of my work and should not be present on a website run by me.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

