<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Naming my relay &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Naming my relay</h1>
			<p>Day 00290: <time>Tuesday, 2015 December 22</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	We headed to Springfield today, but we did not have time to run all of the errands that we had planned.
	Additionally, I was not able to get to the grocery store to buy the vegan bread that I wanted.
	Unfortunately, getting vegan bread here in Coos Bay takes way too long to be feasible, as the store that carries it is on the far side of town, so I never go buy it.
	I had hoped to pick the bread when we were in Springfield for that reason.
	I did manage to find a used blanket that appears to be warm at a thrift store though, so hopefully my nights will be less cold.
</p>
<p>
	When I set up my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay, I tried to name it &quot;cepo.hn.y.st.&quot;, the <abbr title="fully qualified domain name">FQDN</abbr> of the server that runs it.
	However, <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> does not like the dots.
	Having no decent name I could give it that does not contain dots, I gave up and decided to have the server be nameless.
	I came up with a better idea though today, that I will probably implement tomorrow.
	If I am to name it, it needs to be a name unique to me, meaning that it needs to be based off of a domain, though without at least one dot, I cannot properly show which domain that the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay name references.
	However, if I base the relay name off of an onion address, the dots do not need to be so explicit to be understood.
	I could either name the relay after the sixteen-character <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> of the onion address that it runs, or the <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> with &quot;onion&quot; appended to it, no dot needed.
</p>
<p>
	I finished cleaning up the protocol-relative hyperlinks on this website when we got home, but I fear that there is still moch more cleaning to do here.
	I think that the next step is to find all of the links to my domain research pages and make sure that they still point to the correct pages.
	Twice, I moved pages in that directory, putting new pages at the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s in which the old pages had been moved from.
	As a result, some of the links to specific parts of the pages now link to the wrong pages.
	After that, I want to work on a better navigation system that will allow one to access the preceding and following weblog entry pages from any given weblog entry page.
	I have a lot to fix up here and not a lot of time left in which to fix it up.
</p>
<p>
	It sounds like we might be headed to the redwood forest in a couple days.
	I am not a fan of long vehicle trips, and sight seeing really is not my thing.
	Hopefully this will not be too bad though.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

