<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Major website work &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Major website work</h1>
			<p>Day 00291: Wednesday, 2015 December 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I was looking at Lo-Fi is Sci-Fi&apos;s music files and found that the artist listed in the meta data is not Lo-Fi is Sci-Fi, but Chris Zabriske! At least, that is the case for three out of four of the albums.
	I kind of wonder if this has any significance.
	For example, are these files from before Chris uploaded them to Bandcamp? Bandcamp would have modified the meta data and set the artist string to &quot;Lo-Fi is Sci-Fi&quot;.
	If that is the case, would these perhaps be the files that had been uploaded? If that is the case, higher-quality copies might not exist.
	The <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> and Vorbis files might have been converted from the <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr>s, resulting in needless bloat in the case of the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files and quality loss in the case of the Vorbis files.
	Lo-Fi is Sci-Fi was a <abbr title="low fidelity">lo-fi</abbr> band, so I would not put it past them to record in a lossy file type.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to find all links in this weblog containing the text &quot;/domain_research/#&quot; so that I could fix them to point to the correct page, but strangely enough, <code>grep</code> was not returning any results for where they were.
	At first, I thought that special characters were being interpreted in my input string or something, but after several experiments, I do not believe that to be the case.
	My weblog literally has no matches for that string, so there is nothing for me to fix on that front.
</p>
<p>
	Some people on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> told me that I should discontinue use of timestamps in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> and use <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/book.datetime.php"><code>DateTime</code></a> objects instead.
	By the time that they had sugested doing that though, I had already built my new navigation helper function using timestamps.
	As my deadline for website cleanup completion is creeping ever closer, I will not fix my function for the time being.
	I will continue working on visible parts of the website and work on improving the back end source code later.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I moved the navigation bar to a separate file and added support for including an arbitrary number of navigation bars to any given page.
	This allows me to do two things.
	Most importantly, it allows me to include sub-navigation options for the weblog pages by adding a second navigation bar with forward and back hyperlinks, but it also allows me to remove the English navigation bar that was present on the &quot;choose a language&quot; page.
	Fixing all the pages on the site to take advantage of this functionality was a pain though, and until the pages were fixed, the navigation bar had been removed entirely, so it could not exactly wait for another day.
</p>
<p>
	It was a good thing that I had added support for arbitrary numbers of navigation bars too, as while I was finishing up coding the secondary navigation bar, I decided that it might be a good idea to add three more navigation bars to weblog entries, though I may or may not implement that.
	The three navigation bars would allow jumping to any year, any month in the current year, and any day in the current month.
	However, this may just be added bloat.
	First of all, these links (aside from the day-in-month links) Would link to lesser navigation pages that are kind of obsolete due to the presence of the main weblog index page.
	Second, the main weblog index page is linked to on every page of this site, so it would be cleaner just to keep that as the only weblog navigation link, aside from those that link to the first, last, previous, and next entries within the weblog.
	The again, perhaps my mult-navigarion bar idea was not so good.
	The navigation bar used by a given page can pull in other navigation bars from its own code as needed.
	Then again, having an arbitrary number of navigation bars gives me a clean way to have zero on the language selection page.
</p>
<p>
	I tried naming my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay &quot;authorednansyxluonion&quot;, but <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> did not like the length of the name and shut down on me, costing me my uptime rating again.
	It did accept the name <code>authorednansyxlu</code> though.
	It seems that at some point, my relay stopped being considered stable, either because of this down time or the one where I tried relaying an onion to another onion, as I had been told that that was possible.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

