<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>OFTC&apos;s anti-features and WeeChat&apos;s settings &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="Open and Free Technology Community">OFTC</abbr>&apos;s anti-features and WeeChat&apos;s settings</h1>
			<p>Day 00292: Thursday, 2015 December 24</p>
		</header>
<p>
	<a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/"><abbr title="Open and Free Technology Community">OFTC</abbr></a> has an annoying anti-feature that makes it so that if you are in a channel in which you are silenced, you may not change nicks.
	Additionally, they do not allow you to identify via <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate until after you switch to your registered nick.
	And to complete this moronic mess, some channels silence users that are not identified.
	This means that if you autojoin these channels, you cannot identify via certificate without leaving all such channels, switching nicks, then rejoining them.
	This system is moronic.
	I tried talking to the people on the support channel, but they have no intention of fixing it.
	WeeChat has a feature that allows it to dynamically create nicks if your own nick is taken, such as right after a network error, which sets off this anti-feature.
	To be clear though, this is an anti-feature of <abbr title="Open and Free Technology Community">OFTC</abbr>, not WeeChat, and the feature in WeeChat is actually pretty useful on most networks.
	There is a way to turn it off, but until today, this feature could only be turned on or off on a client-wide basis, so the feature could not be used on networks that functioned properly and turned off for networks that are programmed to fight against the user.
	When asking for help getting WeeChat to treat this network differently than other networks, WeeChat&apos;s developer spoke up.
	He offered to move the setting to make it a network-specific setting instead of a global setting if only I would post a <a href="https://github.com/weechat/weechat/issues/633">feature request</a>.
	Within the day, he had already modified the code and closed the feature request.
</p>
<p>
	A while back, I mentioned that when accessing a hidden service, you are behind six proxies: three chosen by the client and three chosen by the hidden service.
	However, this person corrected me, saying that there was additionally the rendezvous relay, for a total of seven proxies.
	However, I just found some <a href="https://www.torproject.org/docs/hidden-services.html.en">documentation on hidden services</a>, and found that despite my oversight, I was actually correct in the number of proxies.
	The rendezvous relay is actually one of the tree proxies chosen by the client.
</p>
<p>
	I upgraded <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local">cepo</a>&apos;s Debian installation today, after which Aptitude suggested that I install <a href="apt:linux-firmware-free"><code>linux-firmware-free</code></a>.
	I checked out that package, and it seems to contain firmware that was originally contained in the kernel&apos;s package.
	With my kernel package upgraded, I feared that I had lost my firmware, so I installed the package.
	Installing it resulted in the following warning:
</p>
<blockquote><pre>W: Possible missing firmware /lib/firmware/tigon/tg3_tso5.bin for module tg3
W: Possible missing firmware /lib/firmware/tigon/tg3_tso.bin for module tg3
W: Possible missing firmware /lib/firmware/tigon/tg3.bin for module tg3</pre></blockquote>
<p>
	I asked on <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23Debian">#Debian</a>, and was told that as long as my networking functionality was still online, this was not a problem.
	As firmware is loaded at boot time (I think), I do not yet know for sure if I have lost the needed firmware, but hopefully everything is fine.
</p>
<p>
	Supposedly, we were going to head to the redwood forest today, but it seems that that plan was canceled without my knowledge.
	All day, I expected us to head out, but we just did not.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

