<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>accessed574tizbu.onion. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/12-December/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>accessed574tizbu.onion.</h1>
			<p>Day 00298: Wednesday, 2015 December 30</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The first thing I did today was get my new onion address set up: <a href="/en/domains/accessed574tizbu.onion.xhtml">accessed574tizbu.onion.</a>.
	This onion address now runs on my laptop and takes care of anything that is better done on my laptop than on my server.
	What that mainly means is that I now have a local onion address for use with TorChat, which causes TorChat clients used by other people to stop sending my client messages when my machine is down.
	That should prevent some data loss.
</p>
<p>
	With my onions sorted out, I next set up <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> from the Debian repository.
	I tried to set up Atheme services to go with it, but I never did get that set up properly.
	It seems that the version kept in Debian&apos;s repository is too old to function with <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr>.
	I took a look at some <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comparison_of_Internet_Relay_Chat_daemons">other options</a> but it seems that only two of the major <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> daemons actually implement the standard, and of those, the original <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat Daemon">IRCD</abbr> appears to use a custom extension to the protocol or something.
	Honestly, seeing as I care about standards, <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> seems to be the only <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> daemon for me.
	However, it would be nice to not pull in outside software.
	If I switch to Ratbox, I can just install the Ratbox-specific <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> services package with it.
</p>
<p>
	Theunknownman was having strange issues when trying to connect to the <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server though.
	In truth, we never did figure out what the problem was, but after spending most of the day trying to fix it, we finally did.
	The settings that worked were the same settings that he had tried several times before.
	We were both confused by the end of it, and I think that we were both a bit frustrated.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, I was unable to retrieve a specific email that I tried to read, but I figured that the email had just been corrupted or something.
	However, I found out today that that was not the issue.
	Instead, I am not able to retrieve mail from the server at all in Evolution now.
	It seems to be specific to this client, other clients do fine.
	I tried clearing Evolution&apos;s cache, but that did not help at all.
	Instead, I now cannot see any of the directories on the mail server.
	The specific error message is <q>Error fetching folders: syntax: expecting &apos;s&apos;, found &apos;c&apos;</q>, whatever that means.
	I have submitted a request for help on the Zoho forums, but it appears that my post hit some sort of moderation queue, potentially because this is my first post there.
	I hope to hear back soon though.
	Evolution has most of my email held locally, so I cannot migrate away from it so easily, especially if it is not functioning well enough to put my email back on the server where I can get to it.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F12-December%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

