<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Proctored exams &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Proctored exams</h1>
			<p>Day 00971: Thursday, 2017 November 02</p>
		</header>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		It seems the building I found eventually yesterday was the right one.
		Thanks to last night&apos;s trip, I was able to optimise my route a bit too, and I ended up there about an hour early.
		I expected to be that early if there were no complications though, so I brought a book.
		Much to my surprise, they were able to get me in almost right away though, after paying the fee.
		Speaking of the fee, apparently I was supposed to pay that online.
		They never told me that.
		They recommended I pay the fee using my mobile, but the website was messing up.
		Either the website was blocking me or my mobile&apos;s browser was messing up again.
		It&apos;s hard to tell, given that the thing&apos;s browser is a piece of junk.
		Also, instead of being charged the three-hour fee for my two-hour time slot, I was charged for two three-hour time slots; I paid for six hours of testing, though was only scheduled for two hours.
		I wasn&apos;t amused, but there wasn&apos;t anything I could do about it, especially on such short notice.
		They really should have told me about that months ago when I asked for their services.
		That said, I&apos;ll probably go to them again next time, just because they&apos;re the only proctor I could find in the area.
	</p>
	<p>
		Last night, I changed my university password to something I could remember, instead of one of my usual, unguessable, random strings.
		The university website is broken though, so as of yet, the password change still hasn&apos;t fully taken effect.
		I had to bring a paper with my password on it into the testing area, but I explained the situation and showed the password to the proctor.
		It was pretty obvious that the password wasn&apos;t some kind of notes for cheating, so they were predictably understanding and let me use it to log in.
		Not that it really mattered though.
		Supposedly, the test was open book and open note.
		I had no way to know this though, so I didn&apos;t bring any notes.
		As for the textbooks for these courses, they were a collection of websites.
		There was no way for the proctor to know what was course material and what wasn&apos;t.
		Open book my butt.
		In theory, sure, but in practice, not so much.
	</p>
	<p>
		I finished the two tests before my scheduled appointment even began.
		First of all, that means that I paid for six hours of testing, but used only one.
		Lame.
		Second, the tests weren&apos;t even very difficult.
		I expected the proctored tests to be the most difficult the university provided.
		I expected the university to make the difficult tests the ones that need proctors, as to make sure the difficult tests weren&apos;t cheated on.
		That wasn&apos;t the case though.
		I&apos;m left wondering why these two courses were chosen to require proctors.
		Was it just random required courses that were chosen?
		Maybe the university just wants to make sure that students are at least passing <strong>*some*</strong> tests without cheating, and it doesn&apos;t even <strong>*really*</strong> matter which ones.
	</p>
	<p>
		I ended up not making any more changes to my learning journal entries after all before submitting them, due to the limitations on both entries.
		On one entry, I was dealing with a two-paragraph cap on the length.
		I can squeeze more content in, but only by failing to properly separate my ideas into proper paragraph form.
		On the other entry, I was dealing with a professor that wants me to keep things short, but with no hard limit.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		Yesterday, the university threatened me and demanded that I censor my website.
		I completely and immediately complied with their demand.
		I take censorship very seriously though.
		Today, in the spirit of censorship, I have additionally censored their name and <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> from my website, with the exception of four pages.
		The first page is the one containing the take-down notice.
		Their name is of significance there, and must remain intact.
		The second page is a journal entry containing a list of links to pages on several websites, including several websites run by various universities.
		Such context demanded that I leave the name of the school and the link to the page intact.
		The final two pages cite files on the university&apos;s website as sources.
		Had my university politely asked me to take my coursework down, I would have probably complied anyway, but due to their threats, I was left pretty shaken up.
		This exercise in name/<abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> redaction was therapeutic, and helped me feel like myself again.
		Most sections of my website are subject to change, but the <code>/en/weblog/</code> section typically is not.
		In the spirit of transparency, I&apos;ve listed all modified journal pages here:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/26.xhtml">2016-04-26</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/01.xhtml">2016-05-01</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/03.xhtml">2016-05-03</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/18.xhtml">2016-05-18</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/30.xhtml">2016-05-30</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/01.xhtml">2016-06-01</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/26.xhtml">2016-06-26</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/09.xhtml">2016-08-09</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/19.xhtml">2016-08-19</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/20.xhtml">2016-08-20</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/29.xhtml">2016-08-29</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/30.xhtml">2016-08-30</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/31.xhtml">2016-08-31</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/01.xhtml">2016-09-01</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/04.xhtml">2016-09-04</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/06.xhtml">2016-09-06</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/07.xhtml">2016-09-07</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/08.xhtml">2016-09-08</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/10.xhtml">2016-09-10</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/14.xhtml">2016-09-14</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/23.xhtml">2016-09-23</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/30.xhtml">2016-09-30</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/05.xhtml">2016-10-05</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/10.xhtml">2016-10-10</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/12.xhtml">2016-10-12</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/13.xhtml">2016-10-13</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/14.xhtml">2016-10-14</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/19.xhtml">2016-10-19</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/10-October/26.xhtml">2016-10-26</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/05.xhtml">2016-11-05</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/08.xhtml">2016-11-08</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/09.xhtml">2016-11-09</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/11.xhtml">2016-11-11</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/14.xhtml">2016-11-14</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/16.xhtml">2016-11-16</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/23.xhtml">2016-11-23</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/11-November/29.xhtml">2016-11-29</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/12-December/12.xhtml">2016-12-12</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2016/12-December/22.xhtml">2016-12-22</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/01.xhtml">2017-01-01</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/10.xhtml">2017-01-10</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/12.xhtml">2017-01-12</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/14.xhtml">2017-01-14</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/16.xhtml">2017-01-16</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/18.xhtml">2017-01-18</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/24.xhtml">2017-01-24</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/01-January/29.xhtml">2017-01-29</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/23.xhtml">2017-02-23</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/25.xhtml">2017-02-25</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/27.xhtml">2017-02-27</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/03.xhtml">2017-03-03</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/07.xhtml">2017-03-07</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/22.xhtml">2017-03-22</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/03-March/23.xhtml">2017-03-23</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/10.xhtml">2017-04-10</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/12.xhtml">2017-04-12</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/04-April/25.xhtml">2017-04-25</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/11.xhtml">2017-05-11</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/14.xhtml">2017-05-14</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/17.xhtml">2017-05-17</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/22.xhtml">2017-05-22</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/31.xhtml">2017-05-31</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/06-June/19.xhtml">2017-06-19</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/07-July/31.xhtml">2017-07-31</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/13.xhtml">2017-09-13</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/12.xhtml">2017-10-12</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/13.xhtml">2017-10-13</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/21.xhtml">2017-10-21</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/10-October/25.xhtml">2017-10-25</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/01.xhtml">2017-11-01</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		If you&apos;re reading this before the year 2023, please note that some of these pages are not currently accessible.
		Additionally, all thoughts and feelings remain intact.
		I thought the school was pretty great, and despite the fact that I&apos;m now questioning that, the modified journal entries still reflect my initial feelings.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

