<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Nearly out of debt &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Nearly out of debt</h1>
			<p>Day 00976: <time>Tuesday, 2017 November 07</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Today was the first Tuesday after payday, so I went to the credit union to deposit all my cash and my pay cheque as usual.
		I forgot the electricity bill would be arriving around this time though.
		Had I remembered, I would&apos;ve left some cash at home for that; they don&apos;t take credit cards.
		I also opened up a chequeing account because I want to buy a couple earrings, but the seller only accepts payments through PayPal.
		PayPal has proven to be a major pain to deal with, wasting months worth of my time just because they want to try to strong-arm me into giving them full access to my bank account.
		Eventually they give up and be reasonable for a short time, but I imagine this strategy likely gets most people to cave into PayPal&apos;s demands.
		Anyway, I need a card number that I can just throw away and replace if PayPal decides to lock it down again.
		With my credit cards, the card accounts stay open even if inactive, so I need to report the card as compromised to get the number changed.
		With chequeing accounts at my credit union though, and inactive account will simply be closed after a period of time without my having to try to explain that PayPal, who many people foolishly trust, is actually a monster.
		Now that I have this debit card though, I should check in with the utility company tomorrow.
		I think they might accept debit cards even though they don&apos;t accept credit cards.
		If so, I can use my monthly utility bill to ensure my chequeing account stays open until I need it closed, even through the long periods without buying through PayPal (I avoid using PayPal whenever possible).
		If not, I&apos;ll just need to wait until I make enough in tips to cover the power bill to pay it off.
		I&apos;ve got almost a month before it&apos;s due, so it&apos;s not like I need to be in any particular rush and go back to withdraw cash from the credit union.
		I might also be able to pay the bill for my one credit card that can&apos;t be paid from a savings account from this chequeing account.
		That&apos;d be nice.
	</p>
	<p>
		With my pay cheque deposited, I now have enough in the account to pay off my debt.
		I&apos;ve scheduled a payment with the loan servicer, but I don&apos;t know when they&apos;ll actually take the money.
		As soon as they do, I should be rid of them forever.
		I hate their website and I hate having to use their website.
		Soon, I&apos;ll never have to go back there again.
	</p>
	<p>
		The past three days, I&apos;ve felt emotionally and physically drained.
		I&apos;ve blamed my stupid, newfound <abbr title="premenstrual syndrome">PMS</abbr>.
		Today I felt great though, so I figured it was over for the month.
		Not so much though.
		Toward the end of the night, I noticed my thoughts were uncharacteristically bitchy.
		As soon as I realised what was probably going on, I was able to put an end to that, so I must not <abbr title="premenstrual syndrome">PMS</abbr> as hard as some people.
		Still, I&apos;m pretty sure that&apos;s what this was tonight.
		I need to keep an eye on my emotional state so I don&apos;t act poorly for no good reason.
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems the new &quot;gay&quot; guy at work might not actually be gay.
		The person that told me he was also told him that one of our other coworkers, who&apos;s actually straight, is gay.
		I&apos;m also told that he&apos;s interested in one of the girls in the crew.
		I&apos;m told he was making googly eye at the straight man he was told is gay, so he might be bi, but he might&apos;ve just been messing with the guy.
		Anyway, I really shouldn&apos;t take someone&apos;s word about someone else being gay; until I hear him say something himself that hints to something, I&apos;m going back to my default of not assuming anything about him.
		Not that it matters to me either way though, as I really don&apos;t think he and I are compatible, given what I&apos;ve seen of him with my own eyes.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

