<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>Incomplete course recommendations &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Incomplete course recommendations</h1>
			<p>Day 00977: <time>Wednesday, 2017 November 08</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		It seems the utility company does take debit cards.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got the debit card so I&apos;d have a shield against PayPal&apos;s garbage, but I&apos;ve decided not to get the earrings after all.
		PayPal is just too much trouble, and I&apos;d prefer to avoid them.
		If I were buying free music or something, I&apos;d put up with PayPal, but earrings just aren&apos;t worth knowingly funding PayPal.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The university still hasn&apos;t written back to me.
		They gave me an ultimatum and a week to comply.
		I responded twice same-day, agreeing to comply.
		It&apos;s been a week, so I can only assume that as they haven&apos;t continued their threats, they&apos;ve silently accepted my compliance and the matter is probably resolved.
		Well, resolved by their standards, not mine; it won&apos;t be resolved in my book for another five to six years, when the censorship is lifted.
		It&apos;s very rude of them not to acknowledge the receipt of my compliance though.
	</p>
	<p>
		The school has now sent me a guide to which courses they think I should take over the course of my studies through them.
		Their guide is flawed and incomplete though.
		It breaks the coursework into four sections, one for each year of study, recommending what courses to take each year, but providing no more guidance than that.
		The most important consequence of that is that they fail to take into account the prerequisites of courses into the recommendation.
		If a student tries to follow this guide, doesn&apos;t notice that problem, and fails to schedule just the right courses at the beginning of the year ... they&apos;ll find they&apos;ll have to deviate from the guide to take courses at all.
		Without a term-by-term recommendation, a year-by-year recommendation doesn&apos;t mean squat.
		The guide also comes over a year late in my case, so I&apos;ve already completed more than a year&apos;s worth of courses.
		I suppose I might look to their guide when trying to decide between a small number of courses, but my own plan of taking care of all prerequisites first and pairing up the proctored courses will take much higher precedence than their guide.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

