<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Actual food &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Actual food</h1>
			<p>Day 00982: <time>Monday, 2017 November 13</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I nearly ended up not going to the grocery store last night because by the time I finished my journal entry, fatigue had set in.
		I figured I could go after I got up in the morning.
		I&apos;ve put off grocery shopping for far too long though, so I talked myself into just getting it done.
		By the time I was ready to head out, it was raining.
		I&apos;d already worked myself up to go though, so a spot of rain wasn&apos;t going to deter me.
		The sooner I get some real food, the sooner I should feel better.
		The trip wasn&apos;t as bad as I&apos;d feared, despite being very tired.
		On the return trip though, I noticed a small shaking in my arm that made the bike wobble slightly for a couple seconds.
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems that WinCo does close for holidays, or at least some of them.
		They have a sign on their door right now alerting customers to their closure on the upcoming one.
	</p>
	<p>
		Among other things, I bought a bag of large potatoes.
		I didn&apos;t realise just how lard they are until this morning though.
		Cutting up one, there&apos;s not much room for other things in my pot.
		That said, my pot&apos;s too small as well.
		I knew it was small when I bought it, but I couldn&apos;t find a large pot like I wanted.
		I&apos;ll try to check the second-hand store next to my workplace more often so I can get a real pot.
	</p>
	<p>
		I looked into the correlation between the time I found my stove was broken (which would&apos;ve been the first time I tried to actually cook something) and the onset of my gayness.
		There doesn&apos;t seem to be a correlation.
		I found the stove broken in <a href="/en/weblog/2017/02-February/28.xhtml">February</a>, but I started feeling my sexuality come in at an unrecorded point around June.
		That said, long before I started actually craving another human being, my libido shot through the roof.
		There still might be a connection.
		In any case, I&apos;ll probably feel better after a couple days of eating properly, at which point my missing strength, missing mood stability, missing gayness, and missing libido will likely return as well.
		I can&apos;t say I&apos;m thrilled with regaining those last two, but it&apos;s worth it to regain the first two.
		I&apos;m still having mood issues, but they seem more manageable after today.
		I think I was right that what i needed was actual food.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

