<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Birthday privacy &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Birthday privacy</h1>
			<p>Day 00983: <time>Tuesday, 2017 November 14</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="advertisements">
	<h2>Unsponsored advertisements</h2>
	<p>
		Kubbi has released a new track called <a href="https://kubbi.bandcamp.com/album/destiny">DESTINY</a>.
		Finally!
		It&apos;s been several month of my subscription, and everything I&apos;ve seen come in has been proprietary.
		I was honestly thinking about cancelling my subscription, but was going to wait for one more release before doing it.
		This release is under <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported">CC BY-SA 3.0</abbr>, ensuring I&apos;ll keep my subscription, at least for now.
		I listen to and review it when I have the time, but first, I have two other Kubbi tracks I haven&apos;t yet reviewed.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Today was supposed to be a short shift for me at work.
		I think I&apos;m starting to return to my proper self, but I&apos;m still not quite feeling it yet, so I was happy to be going home earlier than usual.
		Within the last hour though, a coworker asked me to cover the rest of their shift.
		Ugh.
		My coworkers almost always wait until the last minute to ask, when I&apos;ve been expecting to get out of there.
		Sometimes I&apos;m happy to stay longer, and sometimes, I&apos;d prefer to leave, but either way, letting me know early on allows me to be <strong>*prepared*</strong>.
		I almost never turn down extra hours, whether I want them or not, but it&apos;d be nice to know I&apos;ll be doing it as soon as possible.
		If I want the hours, I can be happy the whole shift that I&apos;ll be getting them.
		If I&apos;m tired and just want to go home, I can keep myself motivated with something more accurate than thoughts that I only have to make it a little longer.
	</p>
	<p>
		As I clocked out, I saw in horror that a coworker&apos;s birthday was listed in the computerised system as an upcoming event.
		The system must be taking our dates of birth, which we were required to enter for employment reasons, and using them to alert the crew to when our birthdays will be coming up.
		I hate it when people won&apos;t leave me alone about my birthday.
		I don&apos;t like even being reminded that my birthday is going on, so even saying &quot;happy birthday&quot; to me will have an inverted effect from what was intended: it&apos;ll spoil my mood all day.
		As I type up this journal entry, I realise that my coworkers seeing my birthday and reminding me of it is the least of my concerns; they might not notice, which I can still hope for, but the system itself is guaranteed to remind me!
		Ugh.
		My birthday is none of anyone&apos;s business, and there really aught to be some sort of privacy setting to block one&apos;s birthday from showing up in the events list.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The school continues to ignore me in regards to their recent, unwarranted threats, but they&apos;ve sent me letters saying my course registrations were approved today.
		Again, this hints that there shouldn&apos;t be any further problem in regards to this recent issue.
		Tomorrow at around 22:05, my coursework instructions will be available for viewing.
		I hope to get some reading done and get some of my coursework done in this hour and fifty-five minutes before midnight.
		It&apos;ll be a rush, but I&apos;d like to try to get something submitted on this first school day, even if the school day is way too short.
		Then, early the next morning, I have my dental appointment.
		I won&apos;t get a full night&apos;s rest.
		Bad timing, but it can&apos;t be helped.
		In this term, I&apos;ll begin a new approach to my studies, and I&apos;m eager to get started right away.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

