<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>I missed my dental appointment! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I missed my dental appointment!</h1>
			<p>Day 00984: Wednesday, 2017 November 15</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		It turns out <code>sticky</code> isn&apos;t a valid value for the <code>position</code> property; the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> specification seems to have no option for what I was trying to do with the upper navigation menu of this website.
		I&apos;ve set the menu back to how it was originally.
		<del>Unfortunately, this journal entry will be redacted for the next five years, so anyone reading my journal will see I set the upper navigation menu to stick, but not that I changed it back.</del>
		<ins>Scratch that.
		The assignments this week are self-contained, and won&apos;t need to be in nay way stored in my journal.
		As such, no redacted journal pages will be necessary.</ins>
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve also finally set up the weblog index page to break up the Unicode calendars by year.
		The main reason I&apos;ve been putting this off is the technical difficulty in pulling it off correctly.
		I needed to be able to set the number of calendar pages on each line to either one, two, three, four, six, or twelve based on viewport width.
		Any other number just looks ... unprofessional and sloppy.
		I found a way to pull it off using the <code>@media</code> syntax in <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>, though there&apos;s a bit of a snag.
		Firefox stupidly treats the area taken up by the window scrollbar as somehow being a part of the viewport, causing the page to be slightly too wide at certain window widths.
		The only solution for this I can think of is a bit hacky.
		I&apos;ve added an extra <code>rem</code> of width to the cut-off widths.
		Web browsers that act correctly will therefore add unnecessary padding to the cut-off points, but at least Web browsers that incorrectly treat the scrollbar as part of the viewport will display the page reasonably as long as the scrollbar is <code>1rem</code> in width or thinner.
	</p>
	<p>
		I took a look at my scheduled dental appointment time to make sure I&apos;d arrive on time tomorrow morning, and found I&apos;d missed my appointment already.
		It was <strong>*today*</strong>!
		Ugh.
		I was looking for something to do this morning anyway.
		I had free time!
		Tomorrow&apos;s a worse day for a dental appointment, as I&apos;ll have coursework.
		I&apos;d even thought to myself several times this week that if the appointment could be just a day sooner, I&apos;d be happier.
		And now I&apos;ll not only have to reschedule my appointment, but I&apos;ll also have to pay their missed appointment fee.
		Joy.
		I forget how much the fee is, too.
		I think dealing with the school&apos;s garbage has me not thinking straight.
		It doesn&apos;t help either that during the course of my discussion with the receptionist, the appointment time was changed.
		The original appointment was tomorrow.
		It also doesn&apos;t help that I&apos;m still not feeling quite right.
		Honestly, I&apos;m at a loss as to what the problem there might be.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		School is back in session.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

