<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>I want my gayness back. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I want my gayness back.</h1>
			<p>Day 00993: Friday, 2017 November 24</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m starting to think my gayness has gone dormant again, like the first nearly-three decades of my life.
		I&apos;m considering consulting a medical professional though.
		I have physical and emotional symptoms of not being gay, which makes no sense to me.
		Gayness doesn&apos;t just vanish overnight, as far as I&apos;m aware.
		Yet that&apos;s what it seems to have done in my case.
		I was hella gay, then the next day, I felt like garbage.
		I felt like garbage for three days, after which I started feeling better, but bitchy and physically weak.
		I have at least most of my physical and emotional strength back, but I&apos;m still not feeling gay any more.
		This is driving me nuts.
		I want my gayness back.
	</p>
	<p>
		A coworker of mine isn&apos;t going to be able to make their shift tomorrow, and I guess they were the one holding the crew together or something.
		The boss no longer &quot;likes the crew&quot; for tomorrow morning.
		They asked me to come in early so there&apos;ll be someone to get things done properly.
		I guess I&apos;m not explaining it well, but it was a bit of an ego boost for me.
		They know I do my job and do it well.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I drifted in and out of sleep so much this morning instead of waking up all at once, so I had bits and fragments of several dreams jumbled in my head.
		All I can remember now though was that in one dream, I had a cat in the bed with me, and I pulled it over to cuddle it.
		It&apos;s rather strange too, as I have no desire to do that in the real world.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		Today wasn&apos;t as productive as I could&apos;ve made it, but I still got a decent amount of coursework done.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

