<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>...</h1>
			<p>Day 00994: Saturday, 2017 November 25</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I found myself thinking dangerous thoughts today at work.
		I started thinking that it might not be so bad for my sexuality to go dormant again.
		This version of me isn&apos;t <strong>*too*</strong> terrible to be.
		I can be happy-ish this way.
		I can&apos;t be <strong>*as happy*</strong> though.
		This is throwing my chemical balance off, which is putting me in an emotional start that isn&apos;t as pleasant to be in.
		I can&apos;t settle; I&apos;ve got to figure out how to reawaken my sexuality.
		I&apos;m trying something new, but I&apos;d rather not speak of it here.
		Or at all.
		I&apos;ll see how that works out.
	</p>
	<p>
		A while back, I was fixated on the fact that gay males are often left-handed or ambidextrous, yet I&apos;m not.
		I resent not being ambidextrous; I&apos;m fairly skilled with my left hand because of years of practice with it, but my left hand will never function as well as my right hand; it&apos;ll never function as well as I feel it should.
		I think I&apos;ve figured this out though.
		I&apos;m not a real gay, so that statistic doesn&apos;t even apply to me.
		I&apos;m like, half-gay and half-trans.
		I&apos;m a non-binary male that seeks a male of any gender.
		I&apos;ve heard of no statistic about transwomen and left hand use; it&apos;s only and specifically gay <del>males</del> <ins>men</ins> to which this statistic is even relevant.
		I&apos;m not a man, so my sexuality and my handedness aren&apos;t tied in any known way.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed that I woke up several hours late, and only had fifteen minutes to get ready and make the trip to work.
		There&apos;s no way I would&apos;ve made it on time.
	</p>
	<p>
		I went back to bed, I dreamed I&apos;s caught a small bird; it was shaped like a hummingbird, and moved its wings about as quickly as one, but it wasn&apos;t bright and colourful.
		It was a light brown colour.
		I tried to calm the thing so I could photograph it, but in the end, dream logic prevented the photograph from being possible for some reason.
		Somehow, the bird had to be on the photographer end of the camera, which prevented it from being on the subject end.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

