<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>Eye exam &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Eye exam</h1>
			<p>Day 00995: Sunday, 2017 November 26</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My mother wants me to go to Portland with her for an overnight trip on the upcoming holiday.
		I&apos;ve put in a day off request for the day, though I&apos;m not looking forward to the coursework I&apos;ll have to rush on to make the trip happen.
	</p>
	<p>
		This week is going mostly smoothly though.
		I&apos;m considering going out tomorrow to try to schedule an eye exam.
		I&apos;ve needed glasses since my bout of iritis, but I haven&apos;t been able to afford them.
		Now, though ...
		Now I&apos;m out of debt.
		Well, almost.
		I still owe one cent, but that&apos;s only worth mentioning out of humour.
		Going out to get the appointment scheduled will cost me a couple hours, but I think I can spare them.
		If I make sure to get at least half of the remaining work done on my discussion assignments tomorrow, then get the other half done the next day, I&apos;ll have almost a full day off from work to complete the final assignment for the week.
		It&apos;s a frustrating assignment, but most of a day should be enough to get it done in.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I&apos;d won a bunch of stuffed animal from a claw machine, but they were all the same character from some proprietary movie.
		As such, I had no interest in them.
		I don&apos;t always think clearly in dreams, so I started slamming one of them on the floor trying to destroy it.
		I quickly realised that this was a stupid plan, as someone else might want them even though I don&apos;t, and took a look at the damage.
		I&apos;d already loosened many of the seams on that one, but I have about seven more of the things to try to offload.
	</p>
	<p>
		I started reaching my arm up into the claw machine from the slot below.
		The claw machine itself was a big as a large room, and even had a door on it (the prize slot was at the base of this door), but I didn&apos;t think of going in.
		I tried to reach a better prize, but I got caught.
		The person attending the machine treated me like a child, trying to get me to give them my soda or candy to make up for it; they wanted me to give something up so I wouldn&apos;t do it again, but weren&apos;t actually interested in what they&apos;d get from me.
		I didn&apos;t have soda or candy though, and instead gave them all eight or so lame prizes I&apos;d already won.
	</p>
	<p>
		A bit later, I retroactively had acquired a large teddy bear.
		I&apos;d had it all along, except that I actually hadn&apos;t had it until just then.
		I felt I had to give the claw attendant that as well, but I was sad about it.
		I actually like the teddy bear.
		The attendant actually said I didn&apos;t have to give that to them, but I insisted, and I apologised for stealing (I had actually only <strong>*tried*</strong> to steal), then I cried over the loss of the big bear.
		What a strange dream.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The assignment I focussed on yesterday was a monster.
		We weren&apos;t taught how to build logic gates, but then we were expected to just jump in and do it.
		The assignment I focussed on today was pretty easy though.
		We weren&apos;t taught how to write acceptance tests, but we were asked to write them for several conditions anyway, also specifying which of the conditions could not be tested for.
		Seriously, the school seems to have issues in the courses I happen to be taking this term.
		Still, I put together what I could and wrote out the steps I&apos;d use to test these things in plain English.
		It wasn&apos;t too difficult.
		I have one assignment left, besides finishing up the discussion assignments for the week.
		This one involves more guessing at circuit designs, so it&apos;s going to be another beast of an assignment, but at least now that I have the other assignments completed, I have a decent amount of time left to complete this final assignment in.
	</p>
	<p>
		In the shower, I was thinking about how I could start now making a list of the problems in these courses.
		That&apos;d allow me to remember the issues and better write up my feedback for the courses when the time comes.
		But then I remembered: the school isn&apos;t on my side.
		Why should I be volunteering my time and effort to improve their courses when they want to threaten me and ignore me?
		It&apos;s just not worth doing.
		From here on out, I won&apos;t be giving feedback for the courses I take.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

