<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Combining errands &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Combining errands</h1>
			<p>Day 00996: <time>Monday, 2017 November 27</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I decided not to try to get an appointment scheduled today.
		I have an errand a little over half the way to the optometrist tomorrow.
		If I put off the trip until then, I can combine errands and save time.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I was working the drive-through window again, but we had a slow period, so I went out into a field behind the store to take care of something there.
		I don&apos;t recall what.
		A customer came though, and I helped them through the wireless headset, then tried to hurry back to actually take their money and give them their food.
		I could see the customer in the drive-through lane too, and they waved to me; an officer in a police car.
		Unfortunately, a leg condition I frequently have in dreams started acting up.
		When it happens, I can barely move my legs, and it feels like the air around them is denser than water.
		I mean, I don&apos;t feel the pressure of that density on all sides (I only feel it really on the front of my legs), but the air itself won&apos;t move out of the way of my legs, so it feel like I&apos;m trying push my legs through something very viscous.
		As luck would have it, this condition usually acts up only when I&apos;m in a hurry.
		I try to run, but I can barely walk.
	</p>
	<p>
		I finally make it back to the building, where I see a house cat in a clear, plastic box.
		I feel bad for it, but I said hello to it and started to move on.
		However, my mother grabs my attention; she was standing next to the box the whole time, and I didn&apos;t even notice.
		The cat&apos;s also her cat, but again, I didn&apos;t notice; I didn&apos;t recognise the cat until I saw my mother.
		I tell her I&apos;ll come back to talk to her once I finish with the customer, but they&apos;ve been waiting way too long already.
		She understands, and I try to hurry to the window.
		My leg condition is still acting up though, so I still can barely walk.
		If I&apos;d slowed down long enough to remember I only have this leg problem in dreams, I&apos;d stop to see what she wanted; screw dream customers.
		I see a long line out the window.
		Cars have stacked up, all because I can&apos;t move very well.
		My coworkers are talking about it, and they&apos;re a little annoyed with me.
		I can&apos;t find what the customer ordered in the warmer though, and I start searching in some strange places, such as in a cupboard full of frying pans.
		The building, both inside and out, looked more like a Sherry&apos;s than the restaurant at which I actually work, yet we were still selling the pizzas from my workplace.
	</p>
	<p>
		While I frantically searched for the pizza the customer wanted, I began analysing my leg condition.
		I was too slow <strong>*not*</strong> to; I had long periods between places I could look for the pizza.
		At this point, on some level, I became aware I was dreaming, but not enough to realise this frantic search was pointless; the customers weren&apos;t real.
		I thought that maybe the leg condition was my brain&apos;s way of slowing me down, so I wouldn&apos;t hit my legs on things.
		Maybe my brain couldn&apos;t correctly simulate the feel of hitting my legs against things as I rushed through tight spaces.
		(This doesn&apos;t actually make sense though, as I couldn&apos;t run through the open field, either.)
		I intentionally hit one of my legs against a few stools, but I felt them perfectly.
		As I tried to figure out what was up with the slowness, the slowness faded and I gradually regained full use of my legs.
		Before I could regain full use of my legs though, I felt like I had the choice to wake up.
		I waited a bit, but then I did choose to wake up.
	</p>
	<p>
		Honestly, I&apos;m not sure why I chose to wake up.
		I wasn&apos;t in enough of a state of lucidness to even realise that waking up would get me out of there.
		So what would waking up even accomplish?
		As for the leg condition, when I&apos;m awake and thinking about it, my theory is that it has to do with feeling obstacles with my physical body, and my mind translating them into something in the dream world.
		I&apos;m probably lying face down, and the pressure against the front of my legs tells my brain there&apos;s something in the way.
		But in the dream, there&apos;s only air.
		So this probably results in air that&apos;s acting as an obstacle, not letting me through.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

