<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Stupid Thunderbird ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/11-November/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Stupid Thunderbird ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00999: Thursday, 2017 November 30</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Thunderbird drives me absolutely bonkers for a number of reasons.
		However, I continue using it because it&apos;s the only email client in which <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> can be used without <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> leaks that I know of.
		That said, a plugin called TorBirdy is required for that, and TorBirdy frequently disables itself while allowing traffic to continue flowing.
		In other words, there are <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> leaks <strong>*anyway*</strong>.
		So why am I using Thunderbird again?
	</p>
	<p>
		Anyway, one of the many terrible things about Thunderbird is that it doesn&apos;t allow you to set the date format it uses.
		At all.
		It insists on reading the operating system&apos;s localisation settings and using those for date formatting.
		There&apos;s no way to override this and set your own date format.
		This has been bothering me for as long as I&apos;ve been using Thunderbird, which has been at least a couple years.
		Every time I look into messing with the localisation settings of the operating system, I run into the fact that doing so is an ugly, complicated mess.
		Today, I was finally so bothered with Thunderbird that I slowly pushed myself through the process of getting this done.
	</p>
	<p>
		First, I learned that you need to set up your own local files (or modify existing ones), which are owned by the system.
		In other words, to simply specify a date format to display email arrival times in Thunderbird, one <strong>*has to have root access on their machine*</strong>.
		General purpose computers are multi-user systems, and you have to go get the freaking <strong>*administrator*</strong> of your machine to set up some obtuse files at a <strong>*system level*</strong>, just so you, <strong>*one user*</strong>, can have dates displayed in your preferred format for your and only your instance of Thunderbird.
		I&apos;m doing this on my own laptop, so I&apos;m obviously the administrator and don&apos;t need to get someone else to do it for me, but that&apos;s not the case for everyone using Thunderbird, for example, on their work computers using their work email accounts.
		I used <a href="https://ccollins.wordpress.com/2009/01/06/how-to-change-date-formats-on-ubuntu/">some instructions I found</a> for setting up the required files.
	</p>
	<p>
		Next, I found that Thunderbird appeared to be ignoring the <code>LC_TIME</code> variable I&apos;d finally gotten working everywhere else.
		Eventually with lots of testing, I found that Thunderbird simply isn&apos;t receiving the proper contents of this variable.
		If I opened up the command prompt and called Thunderbird from there, Thunderbird got the date formats correct.
		If I opened Thunderbird from the menu, it didn&apos;t.
		I had to set up a bash script to export the variable (because apparently exporting it from <code>~/.bash_aliases</code>, <code>~/.bashrc</code>, <strong>*and*</strong> <code>~/.profile</code> wasn&apos;t good enough), and that worked.
		This bash script was required though because it doesn&apos;t seem to be possible to run multiple commands from a <code>.desktop</code> file.
		It&apos;s very inconvenient.
		I tried a bunch of things, and I ended up breaking something.
		I&apos;m not sure what I did, but I did it on the system level.
		Thunderbird stopped reading <code>LC_TIME</code> at all, claiming that the locale I&apos;d built had become incompatible with a C library or something.
		No other locales were working either.
		Joy.
		Again, this is a <strong>*very*</strong> good reason why you shouldn&apos;t need to mess with <code>*system*</code> files to set a basic date display format in an application!
		Messing with system files, you can <strong>*break*</strong> stuff!
		I spent <strong>*hours*</strong> trying to get the system back to somewhere sane.
		I don&apos;t know what I did to fix it either, but everything seems to be fine now, aside from the fact that the system is still passing the wrong value of <code>LC_TIME</code> if I try to call Thunderbird directly from the <code>.desktop</code> file.
		Also, when I inevitably upgrade my system or switch to a new computer, I&apos;m going to need to go through a lot of this nonsense again, because it&apos;s not confined to my home directory like a normal application setting would be.
	</p>
	<p>
		Long story short, I&apos;m incredibly annoyed with Thunderbird&apos;s exceedingly-poor lack of basic sanity, and my system&apos;s doing something strange that only makes it worse.
		Is it the operating system (Debian) doing it?
		Is it the desktop (<abbr title="Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment">LXDE</abbr>) doing it?
		I don&apos;t even know.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I wasn&apos;t as productive today as I&apos;d like to have been, but I did get a fair amount of my coursework done.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F11-November%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

