<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>The website has been successfully bifurcated &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The website has been successfully bifurcated</h1>
			<p>Day 00239: Sunday, 2015 November 01</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I was supposed to help my mother in her classroom some more today, but she left me behind without saying a word.
	I don&apos;t know what her deal is this morning, but I guess I&apos;ll take this time to work on the upcoming website update.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve finished updating the website&apos;s compile scripts, including the webpage template, the redirect page generator, and the weblog index page builder.
	I have also set up the index page that the website has been missing for so long.
	It&apos;s a basic English/Esperanto language-selection page with Esperanto greyed out for now, but at least it is better than the &quot;this page has been moved to <code>/en/</code>&quot; message that was there before.
	I&apos;ve also updated every page that will remain at the <code>//y.st.</code> domain, of which there seem to be few of.
	Lastly, I updated the bulk of the pages, those that are being moved onion-side.
	I went through every one of these pages, including all 239 weblog entries.
</p>
<p>
	After recoding the website, I worked on setting up the onion Web server on <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newdawn</a>, my laptop.
	After a long debugging session, I finally got the server running.
	I still do not know why my old configuration does not seem to work, but I found hints as to what new configuration was needed by reading the new Apache configuration files.
	I am not sure if old configuration files honestly will not work or if I somehow messed up something that I failed to figure out.
	In any case, the website&apos;s new structure is now live.
	Having the server running on my laptop is inconvenient and I hope to acquire a dedicated machine to transfer the server to at some point.
	I might do some online shopping for one, but not before I manage to find a job.
</p>
<p>
	The website seemed to mostly work after the first new compile, though there was one small bug at first.
	I&apos;m surprised there were not more issues though.
	I did some tuning up of the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> next.
	I&apos;ve partially implemented some code to normalize the website&apos;s appearance across Web browsers, but it still needs some work.
	I will see what more I can do as time allows.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

