<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Backing up keys &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Backing up keys</h1>
			<p>Day 00240: <time>Monday, 2015 November 02</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	<strong>*This part of today&apos;s weblog entry was withheld until Day 00244: <time>Friday, 2015 November 06</time>.*</strong>
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
	I figured out what domain name I want to use for purposes that do not need to be fully disconnected from me, but that it needs to be known that they are not specifically my hosts.
	This would include an email server for delegating email addresses to people that ask me for them.
	(I don&apos;t know why people want an email address at my domain, but several people have asked for one.) This would also include subdomains granted to people who want them, should that desire arise.
	But most importantly, this would include works I start but would like to become collaborative.
	Collaborative works do not belong directly in Yst Domain, but I do not want to completely distance myself from them.
</p>
<p>
	At first, I looked into getting <code>//why.st.</code>, a pun on my main name.
	However, <code>//why.st.</code> has already been purchased.
	Unfortunately, the name is not in any real use, and is just being parked on an advertisement page.
	It is available for sale, but it costs $3500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, which is more than it would cost to get ahold of the more valuable <code>//q.st.</code> or <code>//z.st.</code>, both of which are still available.
	I decided to see if I could fine a more obscure homonym.
	What I found quite surprised me.
	Both &quot;wye&quot; and &quot;wy&quot;, seemingly the only English homonyms of &quot;why&quot;, literally refer to the letter &quot;y&quot;.
	They are the spelled out names of this letter.
	I had looked for the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_alphabet#Letter_names">spelling of the English letters</a> in the past but could not find them, concluding that there was no spelling of the letter names.
	Both <code>//wy.st.</code> and <code>//wye.st.</code> are available, with the former being substantially more expensive as the registry charges more for the initial registration of second-level labels consisting of less than three characters.
</p>
<p>
	Looking into the Wikipidia article on the letter wye, I found its purpose in old English words such as &quot;ye&quot;.
	It seems that old typefaces did not contain the letter thorn, which was still in use at the time, so <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Y#Confusion_in_writing_with_the_letter_thorn">wye was used instead</a>.
	In old words such as &quot;ye&quot;, the wye is pronounced like the modern tee aitch, not like the modern wye.
	so &quot;ye&quot; is pronounced as &quot;the&quot;, the same as the modern word is pronounced today.
	Thorn would be another, and probably better, name for use as an entity that I am associated with, but is not truly or not fully me.
	It could be spelled as <code>//thorn.st.</code> or as <code>//xn--vda.st.</code>.
	Using the former, spelling of the domain becomes much more clear than that of <code>//wye.st.</code>.
	&quot;Wye dot ess tee&quot; sounds too much like my personal domain, <code>//y.st.</code>, but &quot;thorn dot ess tee&quot; should let people know that the domain is <code>//thorn.st</code>.
	It is also further from my name even when the spelling is known, making it less about me.
</p>
<p>
	I had planned on eventually setting up a website using the domain <code>//notanumber.st.</code>, making the website about our need to escape being identified casually by numbers instead of names.
	I wanted to try to build on this enough to create a small, active community around it.
	However, I think I will instead try to build a community around the name Thorn, who will stand for three important virtues: freedom, such as the freedom to derive and modify, privacy, the need to not be under a microscope at all times, and individuality, such knowing that you are worth having a name and should never casually identify by number.
	I will try building software under the group name Thorn and see if anyone interested comes along to work with me.
</p>
<p>
	I cannot post this part of today&apos;s weblog entry yet though.
	I&apos;m not yet buying the domain and do not want it taken out from under me, at least not due to what I&apos;ve posted here.
	Both to give myself time to think on the name and to align my payment due dates, I&apos;ll wait until <a href="https:/en/weblog/2016/03-March/07.xhtml">March Seven</a> to make the purchase.
</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	I went into the big box store today to ask about their website&apos;s lack of job openings in our area despite the &quot;help wanted&quot; signs posted outside.
	As I had feared, instead of actually having any information on the issue, the customer service representative instructed me to use one of the computers in the back to apply.
	These computers ask you to either log in with current login credentials or create new login credentials.
	Not being at my own machine, I cannot use my encrypted password data base and paste the password.
	I decided to suck it up and try using a hand-typed password generated with KeePassDroid, but that only got me so far.
	The next step required that I answer no less than five &quot;security&quot; questions.
	Without my password database, answering those in a secure way was more than I was up for.
	I left without finishing the application.
</p>
<p>
	I stopped in a restaurant on the way home that I had seen also had job openings available.
	Before I could ask about them, I saw the stack of papers on the counter, each with instructions for applying online.
	I took one and headed home.
	I will fill out the application online tomorrow probably.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://wowana.me/">Wowaname</a> suggested to me that I removed my password from my account on <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/">Volatile</a>, a new feature that she coded today or yesterday.
	Doing so requires having authentication via client certificate set up, which I have already done.
	However, this means that if I somehow lose my client certificate and not my KeePassX database, I&apos;ll have just locked myself out of my account.
	It is a more secure option though, so I copied my client certificate into my KeePassX database.
	If I ever lose that database, I&apos;ll lose more than just an <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> account, so it is safe to say that at that point, a lost <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> account will be the last of my worries.
	I have been trying to figure out how to back that database up somewhere that I can access without proving that I am me while not exposing it to a maraud of potential attackers.
	I haven&apos;t thought of any usable ideas yet, but I&apos;ll keep trying and keep the database backed up both to my mobile and my external hard drive.
</p>
<p>
	While I was at it, I also copied my <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr> keypair into the KeePassX database and moved my other <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> keypairs and onion keys into the database.
	I didn&apos;t move every last onion key I have into the database, but I moved all that were generated as permutations of <code>//y.st.</code> or <code>//ystyst.mp.</code>.
	Speaking of that, I found an onion permutation of <code>//ystyst.mp.</code> in my new onion keys directory.
	It must have been generated without my noticing one time that I ran the onion key generation script for a short while.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

