<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion.</h1>
			<p>Day 00243: <time>Thursday, 2015 November 05</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I thought about other options for naming the coding group that I want to get started.
	I five-character word ending in &quot;st&quot; would allow for a shortish domain using a domain hack with the <code>//st.</code> registry.
	However, the only still-available domains that fit the bill seem to be <code>//foi.st.</code> and <code>//wre.st.</code>, neither of which I think are good options.
	I&apos;ll probably stick with &quot;Thorn&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	I have been trying to find the correct file to add <code>setxkbmap -option lv3:lwin_switch,esperanto:qwerty</code> to to make it run every time I log in, but did not figured it out until today.
	Looking through my old files from before the system reinstall, I found that last time, I had done it using the <code>.xsession</code> file.
	I cannot seem to find a file to add things to to modify the graphical session, but using the <code>.xsession</code>, I can replace the graphical session entirely.
	By adding <code>startxfce4</code> to the end of the file, it becomes a minor tweak file instead of a completely-custom session.
</p>
<p>
	I decided to try setting up TorChat today.
	I thought that there would be some sort of setup dialog and that TorChat leveraged your existing onion address, but that isn&apos;t the case.
	When starting Upon starting TorChat for the first time, it assigned me the address <a href="/en/domains/sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion.xhtml">sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion.</a>.
	TorChat isn&apos;t just reached through the onion, it actively knows which onion address refers to it, so without any setup dialog, TorChat pretty much <strong>*must*</strong> set up its own onion address.
	TorChat&apos;s default scripts even seem to start what seems to be a second instance of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	To get TorChat running as I wanted, copied the line <code>HiddenServicePort 11009 127.0.0.1:11009</code> from <code>~/.torchat/Tor/torrc.txt</code> to <a href="/etc/tor/torrc"><code>/etc/tor/torrc</code></a>, commented out every line in <code>~/.torchat/Tor/tor.sh</code>, changed the <code>own_hostname</code> line in <code>~/.torchat/torchat.ini</code>, and moved the <code>~/.torchat/Tor/hidden_service</code> directory to another location where TorChat would not notice it.
	If TorChat sees <code>~/.torchat/Tor/hidden_service/hostname</code>, it will change the <code>own_hostname</code> line in <code>~/.torchat/torchat.ini</code> to match, undoing whatever customization you have made.
</p>
<p>
	I am headed back to Springfield for the rest of the day.
	I may or may not write about what happened there tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	<strong>*UPDATE*:</strong> It seems that the plan has been changed and we are not headed to Springfield tonight.
	I still ended up away from home for a chunk of the day, and now that I am back, I have to get right to sleep as my mother and I are headed out very early.
	I had assumed that we would be back tonight because tomorrow is Friday and she has work, but it seems that she does not have work tomorrow after all.
	In fact, she has some appointments scheduled for tomorrow in Springfield.
	This means that the initial plan had been to stay there overnight, a plan that she had not communicated and that I had not prepared for.
	I need to start preparing for extended stays when we go to Springfield even when I have been led to believe that we are coming back within the day.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

