<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>A day in Springfield &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A day in Springfield</h1>
			<p>Day 00244: <time>Friday, 2015 November 06</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I had a strange dream last night.
	Specifically, I knew that I was asleep, but I was under the mistaken impression that I was aware of what was happening around me and even thought that I had a rather short conversation.
	Does this count as a lucid dream? I knew I was asleep, but I wouldn&apos;t say that I was fully lucid.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve thought about domain purchases further, and I think that I will drop the name &quot;Thorn&quot; as a possibility for the group I want to start.
	Instead, I will attempt to generate several readable onion addresses and name the group after one of them.
	The clearnet domain I purchase will then match the onion address, making it easy to verify that the two domains are related.
</p>
<p>
	My mother suggested that I discontinue the job search for a while and look into getting back into school.
	I am not sure how I am supposed to pay for school when I am unemployed and still paying off loans from last time, but I will probably humor her and look into it.
	She thinks that grant money will make it doable, but I doubt it.
	If she sees exactly how much it will cost compared to the small amount I can receive in grants.
</p>
<p>
	My mother and I split up for a bit while she dealt with one of her appointments.
	I had not eaten in eight hours, so I let her know that I was leaving and went to grab food while I waited.
	She later tried to send me an email letting me know that she was done with the appointment so we could meet back up, but the message did not come through as it should have.
	I have push messaging set up on my mobile email client, which is supposed to cause new emails to come in as soon as the server receives them, but sometimes it does not work correctly.
	I did not receive any of her several messages until I had already met back up with her and had manually refreshed my inbox.
	I cannot risk her using this as yet another argument about <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages being better than email, so I have set my email client to not only attempt push email retrieval, but also refresh the inbox manually every minute.
	I fear that this will majorly detrimental to the device&apos;s battery life, but hopefully it will be worth it.
</p>
<p>
	While we were in Springfield, we picked up the mail sent to our former address.
	A letter to me from First Tech Federal Credit Union said that they plan to send me a new debit card, just as Oregon Community Credit Union did.
	The strange thing though is that this letter was sent to my former address.
	As I verified once I got home, I have already updated my address on file with the credit union.
	It sounds like I will not be returning to Springfield for some time, so hopefully the card is sent to my current address and hopefully the card can be activated over the Web.
</p>
<p>
	We stopped by Next Step Recycling to purchase a laptop for Cyrus, a desktop for myself, and a Wi-Fi card for my mother.
	It seems that Next Step Recycling does not usually carry Wi-Fi cards because as soon as they come in, they fly off the shelves.
	Being a recycling center, they cannot exactly order more.
	There did not seem to be any Linux laptops available and Cyrus doesn&apos;t use Windows.
	It would be pointless to purchase one of the Windows machines because we would be paying for a Windows license that we will not even be using.
	The only Linux desktop machines in the store were being used to demonstrate that the monitors for sale were functional, but I decided to ask about them just in case I could buy one.
	As expected, they were not for sale, but I did learn about a Linux laptop in the back that was for sale but hidden from customer view, so we now have a new laptop for Cyrus.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

