<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>A day of distractions &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A day of distractions</h1>
			<p>Day 00245: Saturday, 2015 November 07</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My plan for the day had been to sort onion addresses generated by eschalot, but I did not manage to accomplish that.
	The first part of my day was spent unloading boxes from the trip to Springfield as I thought it would, but then I ended up sorting food items such as canned and boxed goods.
	Before even finishing, I ended up going to my mother&apos;s school with her to help out in setting up her classroom, where I spent most of the day.
	We found that someone had come in and screwed her shelved to the wall without her permission and without alerting her to the fact beforehand.
	These are wooden shelves that she herself owns, not the school district, and they now have holes in them that she did not want.
	They also screwed right through he bulletin board fabric, putting a large hole in that as well.
</p>
<p>
	While at the school, I decided to turn off the automatic checking of my email every minute because the battery drain is just too much.
	The automatic checking has dropped my battery life down to about eight hours causing the mobile&apos;s power level to drop almost to nothing as I sleep.
	While we are out and separated, it might be useful to have such a setting enabled, but for daily life, it is more of a problem than a boon.
	I also turned on the setting that allows Orbot to act as a non-exit relay node to give a bit back to the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network.
</p>
<p>
	Once we left the school, we went to a Geocaching event.
	She had not told me what was happening there until we were on the premises.
	Otherwise, I would have been more reluctant to come; it was a film screening.
	Once the event started though, I learned more: these were films submitted to Groundspeak and we were to vote on which one was the best.
	My plan had been to quietly avoid casting a vote as I cannot in good conciseness vote on proprietary videos as they no doubt all would be.
	I kept my eye out for mentions of licenses in the credits though, and sure enough, one said that it had been released under <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported">CC BY 3.0</abbr>, so I voted on that one.
	I was the only person to cast a vote in favor of this video, so it lost.
	After the event had ended, I asked to take a closer look at the credits as they had rolled by quickly and I wanted to verify the facts.
	I wanted to make sure I had the license and license version correct before writing about it.
	Much to my dismay though, I found that the license did not apply to the video submission as a whole.
	Rather, the video submitter had borrowed one of <a href="http://incompetech.com/">Kevin MacLeod</a>&apos;s songs, and as such, had included his name, Web address, and license in the credits.
	It is awesome that Kevin releases his work under a free license, don&apos;t get me wrong, but it would have been nice if the entire video had been covered by a free license as well.
</p>
<p>
	Upon returniing home, it was late and there was no time for sorting onions keys.
	I did perform a quick scan though and found that the key for <code>//chattingwzknqyst.onion</code> (&quot;CHATTINGwzknqYST.onion&quot;) had been generated.
	If I were ever to use a separate onion address for TorChat, this would be a pretty good one to choose.
</p>
<p>
	It sounds like I will be working in the classroom again tomorrow, so I do not anticipate getting anything productive done toward any of my own tasks for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

