<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Authored Nansyxlu &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Authored Nansyxlu</h1>
			<p>Day 00252: Saturday, 2015 November 14</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Twitter keeps pestering me to get me to give them a telephone number, claiming that it is in case I lose my password.
	But if I lose my password, they have an <strong>*email*</strong> reset option.
	They do not need a telephone number for me to reset my password.
	I can only assume that Twitter wants a telephone number from me just to be nosy, but the joke is on them; I do not use telephone service.
</p>
<p>
	I decided to split this website completely off of the main website; the two are no longer entangled.
	This one links back to the other for several reasons, but the other makes no mention of this one.
	There are no more hidden links that are only visible when <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> is in use and the Web browser is not being a pain.
	This website will from now on be standalone, but will continue to house my more personal side.
	This website has also been moved to a new onion address that better represents that split.
	The old onion address, <a href="/en/domains/quystystxtvdgyst.onion.xhtml">quystystxtvdgyst.onion.</a>, was chosen at a time when I did not take onion addresses seriously and was chosen because it contains the name &quot;Yst&quot; three times.
	It is a ridiculous name though, completely unpronounceable.
	The new onion address, <a href="/en/domains/authorednansyxlu.onion.xhtml"><code>//authorednansyxlu.onion.</code></a>, is not only pronounceable, but is also not tied up in the identity of my main domain.
	It stands on its own merit.
	I suppose the use of wye as a vowel is a throwback to my main domain, but it is only slight.
	If the main domain were somehow lost, though I hope it never is, this domain would not lose its meaning the way that the old one would have.
</p>
<p>
	While trying to figure out how to set up a wildcard certificate for the new domain, I found that wildcard certificates do not work the way that I thought that they did or the way that I think that they should.
	Specifically, as Wikipedia puts it, <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wildcard_certificate#Limitation"><q>Only a single level of subdomain matching is supported.<sup>[5]</sup></q></a>.
	I do not even know why I try.
	With a wildcard certificate not actually being able to match the entire namespace of this domain and without any current intent to use the subdomains, I decided that setting up the wildcard certificate was not worth the hassle for the time being, as the only instructions I know of for setting up such a certificate <a href="http://techbrahmana.blogspot.com/2013/10/creating-wildcard-self-signed.html">ask that the user modify root-owned files</a>.
	It&apos;s doable, and I have done it in the past, but I really hate modifying system files for tasks that really should be possible for non-administrative users.
	Putting a certificate in place and having the local Web server use it should require root privileges.
	Generating a certificate, however, should not.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

