<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>Reconfiguring TorChat &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Reconfiguring TorChat</h1>
			<p>Day 00254: Monday, 2015 November 16</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I turned in the job application today, and found that the store I needed to reach for my mother&apos;s errand was in the vicinity, shortening the total distance I had to travel today.
	Her notes were a little unclear about one of the two items, but I picked them both up, then confirmed with her that I had purchased the right things.
</p>
<p>
	We finally had time to set Vanessa up with a custom onion address for use with Torchat.
	While walking her through the setup, I found that she had greyed out options that were working on my end and vice versa.
	As it turns out, when I made modifications that prevented TorChat from starting a second instance of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, TorChat had detected it and made some adjustments of its own.
	My instance of TorChat had options concerting use of the main instance of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, such as selecting which onion address to use.
	Meanwhile, her instance instead had options concerning the &quot;portable&quot; <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> instance.
	(Her instance was not actually using a portable copy of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, but rather, a second instance of the global <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> executable was running.) Due to the auto-configuration that TorChat does with the portable instance, I thought that switching out her onion key and restarting TorChat would cause TorChat to reconfigure which onion address it identified as, but that did not happen for unknown reasons.
	One line in the TorChat configuration file had to be edited, but nothing difficult.
</p>
<p>
	First Tech Credit Union did not get in touch with me today, despite having said that they would get back to me in one business day at the latest.
	I tried to check their website to see if the response had come in that way, but their website seems to be down tonight.
</p>
<p>
	I started toying with a new project, some <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>-based Web forum software.
	I do not know yet if I plan to actually go very far with this, but I kind of want to.
	On one hand, it would be a nice learning experience, but on the other, I do not think that people will have much use for it.
	There are so many forum software options available that one more will not really make a difference.
</p>
<p>
	I have uploaded the code for both my <a href="https://notabug.org/y.st./y.st.">main website</a> and this website, though I have kept this website&apos;s code private.
	If for some reason you need access to this website&apos;s code, get in touch with me.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/lifes-so-hard">orange vinyl record</a> shipped today! It should arrive in time to be useful as a prop for me near the end of the year.
	The shipping comfirmation email came with a tracking number, but the postal service&apos;s website seems to have banned <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes.
</p>
<p>
	I have just one quick reminder to everyone tonight: net neutrality still hangs in the balance.
	If you have time, write to your congressmen and let them know how important it is to you that net neutrality be saved.
	One of the government funding bills in play right now, if passed, would strip the <abbr title="Federal Communications Commission">FCC</abbr> of the budget it needs to enforce net neutrality.
	Tell your congressmen to oppose that bill.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

