<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>Roll Away the Stone &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Roll Away the Stone</h1>
			<p>Day 00255: Tuesday, 2015 November 17</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Josh Woodward just released a new piano tune caled <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/RollAwayTheStone">Roll Away the Stone</a>.
	The lyrics are a bit dark, but the melody has a beautiful, haunting quality to it.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa and I tried to head out to the store on foot, but our mother quickly stopped us, saying that she was headed that way anyway, saying that she was headed that way anyway and would drive us.
	She does not seem to understand that the walk is half of the purpose.
	First, we went to the grocery store, where we found canned vegetables on sale.
	The sign on them was incorect though, saying that the original price was $10 per can, with a sale price of $0.69 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> and a savings of $9.31 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per can.
	It seems that one of the employees had made a hilarious mistake when inputing the non-sale price, and the sign template probably calculated the savings automatically.
	Next, we went to the local discount store, but Vanessa found a food item that had already been opened.
	I took the item up to the checker to show her that the item was unsellable, but she taped it closed and asked me to put it back in the freezer.
	Seriously? That can not have been legal.
	Not knowing what else to do about it, I put it back as instructed, but set it off to the side on the shelf so other customers might regard it a little more suspiciously.
</p>
<p>
	I checked in with First Tech Federal Credit Union again, and their website is up today.
	I still have not received any email notification from them about the issue, but sure enough, I had a response in my on-site inbox.
	They had gotten back to me yesterday.
	The support representative said that she could activate the card on my behalf if I confirmed the last for digits of the card number.
	What I took from this is that they do not intend to make self-activation available for people without telephone service, but they are willing to work with us on an individual basis using a manual process.
</p>
<p>
	I have begun the process of clearing out my political email backlog.
	I am working on signing all the petitions I have been asked to sign if I agree with them, sending any emails to political figures that I need to, and ignoring any any requests that I make telephone calls to anyone.
	As my backlog is several months deep, I imagine many of the emails have lost their relevance by now, so I have started with the newest emails and will work my way back.
	I will not post about most of these issues though, as they are probably old news for anyone that has had time to pay attention to politics lately and there are so many issues that I will need to address all at once.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

