<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>I need to get out of here &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I need to get out of here</h1>
			<p>Day 00257: <time>Thursday, 2015 November 19</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	The <code>//st.</code> registry&apos;s <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers only allow the creation of <code>A</code>, <code>CNAME</code>, <code>MX</code>, and <code>TXT</code> records.
	Last night, I wrote to the <code>//st.</code> registry, asking if there were any plans to add support for other record types to their <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> services.
	After asking about other record types, I specifically mentioned my interest in <code>AAAA</code> and <code>SRV</code> records.
	I expected to be told that there were no plans for this.
	My real goal had been to express interest in the feature and get them thinking about it.
	Perhaps other people were expressing interest in other record types as well, so I would be one more voice.
	This morning, they got back to me.
	However, it seems that the <code>//st.</code> registry already has something in the works.
	<q>Extended <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> management will be released soon with new nic.st website.</q> However, the good news does not stop there.
	Because I asked about it, they have given me an account in their parking system, which in addition to the currently-supported record types at the main nic.st website, also supports <code>AAAA</code>, <code>DNAME</code>, <code>NS</code>, and <code>SRV</code> records.
	This is awesome! I have been curious about DNAME and NS records in the past, but with no valid reason for me to want them, I kept my mouth shut about them.
	The parking system also offers <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> redirects and email forwarding, which may come in handy at a later time.
</p>
<p>
	Why did the <code>//st.</code> registry give me this parking account though? Was it simply because I am a customer and asked about something that it could provide? Or was it because I paid a large sum for a short name, so now they gave me a little special treatment?
</p>
<p>
	The new system comes with a tutorial, but it is written in Flash, so I cannot actually use it.
	It probably only covers basic things that can be found through exploring the system though, so I should be fine.
	The parking system had some of my records already configured to use the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address <code>5.150.254.149</code>.
	Trying to figure out what that address was, I entered it directly in the address bar.
	To my surprise, the parking page for the <code>//m.st.</code> domain loaded.
	I recognized this page as being the same parking page that several other single-character second-level domains under the <code>//st.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> use.
	Either the <code>//st.</code> registry has set these names aside, or the customers that use them already have accounts in the parking system.
</p>
<p>
	I was going to set up <abbr title="Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol">XMPP</abbr> service using <a href="https://hosted.im/">hosted.IM</a>&apos;s services, but their service did not seem to be able to correctly resolve my new SRV records.
	The records seemed to have properly propagated on my end, but not on theirs.
	I cannot help but wonder if the changing of <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> servers made it harder for the service to find the changed records.
	I will try again tomorrow.
	However, as SRV records allow the specification of a port in <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> records instead of in <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s, I am considering setting up my own <abbr title="Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol">XMPP</abbr> service on my own server once I have a home server to work with.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://wowana.me/">Wowaname</a> was working on a website redesign today, but was having troubles.
	I thought that I could help, but I did not get anywhere.
	The problem was that she was trying to vertically align text to the very center of the page, a particularly painful thing to do in <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>.
	I have only been able to accomplish this task once, and even then, I was only able to do it when the element to be centered was the only element within the <code>&lt;body/&gt;</code> tag.
	To be honest, I am not sure how wowaname accomplished this feat in her old design, let alone why it fell apart when the design was modified.
</p>
<p>
	I started applying for work at one of the local grocery stores, but Cyrus and Vanessa wanted to me to go for a walk with them, so I put that aside for the time being.
	When we got back, I found that I could not log into my application account for unknown reasons.
	I also could not create a new account because my email address was already in use.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I applied for work at a department store.
	The stupid application form demanded both a mobile telephone number <strong>*and*</strong> a home telephone number.
	I gave them my secret job-hunt-only land line number for both.
	It is bad enough that most employers expect you to be reachable by telephone, but requiring two telephone lines and/or a telephone line of a specific type is even more ridiculous.
	They also asked questions about whether family members fit into certain categories, and if you answered &quot;unsure&quot;, they would ask who it was that fit into the category.
	If I am unsure of even <strong>*if*</strong> anyone fits the description, how can I know who they are? I ended up changing all my &quot;unsure&quot; answers to &quot;no&quot; just to get to the next part of the application form.
</p>
<p>
	My mother is freaking out now.
	She says that she does not want anything to do with any of her children.
	I need to get out of this situation.
	I need to find a job so I can leave.
	This is not a healthy environment for any of us.
	She says that she will send the youngest two to live with their father and the child just younger than I is already in a stable situation on her own.
	I myself am in a very precarious situation though.
	I need to stabilize my life, and I need to do it as quickly as possible.
	Over the next while, I will probably fall mostly silent on my weblog.
	Most of what I am doing will probably be related to job hunting and looking for a place to live, so I might not have much to say.
</p>
<p>
	I looked into the <abbr title="Free Application for Federal Student Aid">FAFSA</abbr> as my mother suggested, but the deadlines are long past, and have been since before she made the suggestion.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

