<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>Leaving the laptop at home &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Leaving the laptop at home</h1>
			<p>Day 00260: <time>Sunday, 2015 November 22</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I headed out with my mother today to Springfield to work on cleaning up our former residence to prepare it for sale, as well as to bring more stuff back home.
	I decided that in the interest of avoiding conflict with her, I would take a risk and leave <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml">newdawn</a> at home.
	She is still a bit moody, and the laptop might appear to be a planned distraction.
	If we do not come home tonight, I will have bigger problems than a late weblog entry though.
	As I have told her, I have an interview tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
<hr/>
<p>
	<strong>*Update*:</strong> We made it back to Coos Bay, and with quite a bit of time to spare.
	We were supposed to leave by seven, but my mother was not even awake when I wrote the original entry for today.
	When I made mention of my mothers continued sour mood, it was based on how her mood had not gotten any better since she freaked out as of last night.
	However, she actually seemed to be in a little better mood than usual, and in a lot better mood than she has been over the past few days.
	The complete shift in attitude like this is unnerving, but I should have suspected it.
	This is far from the first time this has happened.
	She seemed to be further off the deep end than usual though, and I honestly did not think that she would pull a reversal this time.
	I still need to get my life in order and get out though.
	The extreme mood flips are more than I can take.
</p>
<p>
	I need to go in for my department store interview tomorrow.
	The position is only seasonal, but it is a job for now, which is better than no job, and does not require me to do something overly-objectionable.
	Also on the to do list if I remember and have time, I need to pick up stirring straws at the convenience store if they have them and I need to drop by the post office to pick up a change-of-address form.
</p>
<p>
	Misted from <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a> showed me a Web browser plugin that is supposed to allow the use of different proxies <a href="https://shebang.ws/autoproxy-i2p-eepsites-tor-onions-firefox.html">based on the domain name used in a given <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr></a>.
	However, this plugin does not seem to work.
	It will not allow me to add any rules or rule sets, and seems to block access to all non-onion domains.
	It recognizes onion addresses and sends them through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> by default, but no other traffic gets through.
	I have been looking for this type of plugin though so I can reach <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>-based host names through <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> while reaching regular domains and <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	I will continue to keep my eye out for such an application.
	I am interested in getting into <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>, but not at the cost of losing <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>&amp;s onion addresses are officially part of the main addressing scheme, so getting cut off from them means being cut off not from an extension to the Internet, but being cut off from a section of the main Internet itself.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

