<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>I am tired.
	Very tired. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I am tired.
	Very tired.</h1>
			<p>Day 00261: <time>Monday, 2015 November 23</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	After reaching the department store for my interview today, it took me a while to find the ofices that I was supposed to check in at.
	The instructions in the email were unclear, and in my opinion, incorrect.
	I walked around the store a couple times in search of them, and in the process, I found that I had chosen the correct outfit for the interview.
	My only particularly-nice shirt right now is black, so I wore it with black pants.
	Aside from one employee, every employee I saw was dressed entirely in black.
	I eventually asked an employee for directions to the offices; I still arrived at my job interview early, but the hiring manager was actually a bit late.
	From what the hiring manager said and from, it seems that this department store keeps in touch with employees by email, not by telephone, which is perfect for me.
	He said that he would get back to me within forty-eight hours, so the wait should not be too long.
	The hiring manager also said that if hired, I would get about eight to twelve hours.
	I assumed at the time that he meant per week, which seems way too low.
	However, once I left, it occurred to me that perhaps he meant that shifts would be eight to twelve hours long.
	If that is the case, it would be much more favorable.
	If hired, this seasonal job would last until January seventeen, at which point the hiring manager said that I might be considered for a more permanent position if I wanted it and worked hard enough.
</p>
<p>
	After leaving the interview site, I headed to the post office for a change-of-address form.
	If <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> had not been banned from the post office websites, I would not need to be filling out physical paperwork to do this.
	Next, I asked for directions to the office of the Department of Motor Vehicles to pick up the paperwork needed to update my voter registration information, which again, would be unnecessary if the voter registration website had not banned <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes.
	However, much to my surprise, North Bend does not have a <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> office, so I had to travel to the far side of Coos Bay to reach the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> office of my own city.
	The problem with this is that to reach the far end of my city from my house, I have to first walk to the far side of North Bend, then turn and walk to the far end of Coos Bay.
	Because of a combination of the screwy road system and several small bodies of water that the roads do not cross, it is not a straight path and not a short journey.
	I made it to the office, but it took a lot more time than I would have liked.
</p>
<p>
	I hurried home, fearing that I would not make it home before my mother.
	One of the things that she often gets weird about is my long errands.
	I really do not need to do anything that might set her off and flip her back into extreme anger mode.
	I considered skipping the trip to the convenience store, despite it being on the road home, just to save a few minutes.
	I decided against this plan though, and did drop by the convenience store to pick up some of the straws that my mother wants.
	Thankfully, she was quite late coming home as well, so I did make it home before her, though not by much.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="light-emitting diode">LED</abbr> light bulb that I picked up at the discount store not too long ago is already acting up.
	Those things are supposed to last for decades! Cyrus thought that the thing had burned out, but I got it working for a short while.
	I kind of wonder if it was part of a bad batch, either malformed or damaged.
	The discount store does not usually carry such valuable merchandise, and now the thing does not even work correctly.
</p>
<p>
	I located an Iceweasel/Firefox plugin that seems to offer a way to use a different proxy for domains using specific <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s, but I also found an article claiming that the thing is proprietary.
	I looked into the plugin, and it is covered by the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Two">GPLv2</abbr>, so I made an inquiry to the author of the article.
	He said that he indeed knew about the free license, but that the company releasing it buried the license information in the frequently-asked questions page instead of making it obvious, as well as recommended that people use the proprietary version of the same plugin, instead of the free version.
	He also made mention of the somewhat-hidden license not being in compliance with the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr>&apos;s free software definition.
	I completely disagree with the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> that this makes the software nonfree, if they even actually say that, but the author made a good point by bringing that up.
	Even though the software is free, do I really want to direct people to a company that is not promoting the fact that their software is free? I should either fork it of find a plugin offered by a company that is more transparent about the source code being available and reusable, preferably a company that does not make a proprietary version.
	And we all know that I have no intention of forking anything in the near future.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

