<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>I did not get the job &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I did not get the job</h1>
			<p>Day 00262: Tuesday, 2015 November 24</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Cyrus kept coughing on my after I got home yesterday, and now I seem to have his illness, right after I just recovered from my own.
</p>
<p>
	Last night and today, <a href="https://wowana.me/">wowaname</a> and others have been helping me transition from HexChat to WeeChat.
	They are convinced that WeeChat is a superior client, and I think that they are trying to help me.
	WeeChat is very unusable in its default state though, and I do not recommend that to anyone, at least not yet.
	Once properly configured, it becomes pretty usable, but it is still a command-line-based application, which has disadvantages.
	While the mouse can be made usable, when made usable, it becomes impossible to select and copy text, so mouse mode needs to be toggled on and off.
	When selecting text to copy with mouse mode switched off, the command line does not take into account the presence of side-by-side sections, copying text from both.
	There does not seem to be a way to avoid this when copying multiple lines.
	There are advantages to WeeChat though.
	For one thing, there is no certificate leaking.
	In HexChat, if you do not set a global client certificate but you do set a client certificate to use with one particular network, that certificate will be sent for other networks that do not have a client certificate set.
	If I wanted that kind of behavior, I would have set that certificate as the global client certificate to begin with! Also, if a global client certificate is set in WeeChat, that can be overridden for individual networks, allowing one to use no certificate only for one network.
	I would have preferred that setup in HexChat, but there was no way to accomplish it.
	Finally, WeeChat allows the use of different proxies for different networks.
	HexChat only allows the setting of a global proxy that can be turned off for particular networks.
	In HexChat, I cannot connect to both <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>-based networks and to <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>-based networks.
	In WeeChat, I can.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>, I now have that installed and running, though only for <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> use for now.
	Iceweasel, like HexChat, does not allow the setting of multiple proxies.
	I cannot get <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch:6697/">Volatile</a>&apos;s short <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> address to resolve for unknown reasons, but the long base thirty-two address finally started working for me.
</p>
<p>
	Marc With a C&apos;s album, <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/lifes-so-hard">Life&apos;s So Hard</a>, came in the mail today.
	The post office had stamped the box with the text &quot;MEDIA MAIL SUBJECT TO INSPECTION&quot;.
	What, did they open up the package to make sure it was the correct album, not a cover-up of the shipping of some illegal album? Is the postal service wasting taxpayer money fighting the copying of media? While I do not mind people seeing Marc&apos;s album, I find it ridiculous in general that we are paying to have the postal service open our mail and spy on us.
</p>
<p>
	My mother has tasked Cyrus and me with the job of making a list of things we should have for the upcoming holiday that she celebrates, and she explicitly told me to include things that I can eat.
	After her recent outbursts, I think she deflated and might not be as on-edge as I have been fearing.
	I still plan to tread lightly, but perhaps she will be fine for the time being.
</p>
<p>
	The department store that I interviewed with yesterday got back to me today, and is not interested in my application.
	I will need to continue my job search elsewhere.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

