<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>I can get into Freenode!? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/11-November/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/11-November/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I can get into Freenode!?</h1>
			<p>Day 00268: <time>Monday, 2015 November 30</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today has been the first day that I have had most of the day to myself, so I took a break and did not get anything important done.
	I will probably get back on the job search tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	Due to WeeChat&apos;s being configured by default with Freenode&apos;s address and me setting WeeChat to connect to all known networks unless told to do otherwise with a specific network, WeeChat has been trying to connect to Freenode all day, despite their ban on <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit nodes.
	WeeChat actually managed to successfully connect to the Freenode network at least three times, though due to Freenode being unstable, the connection kept dropping.
	Whenever it dropped, it took several hours to reconnect, as it took time to cycle to a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit node that Freenode had failed to ban.
	If Freenode had their onion addresses up and running, I would be able to create an account through one of these cracks in their anti-privacy ban wall, then connect via the onion addresses.
	I still would not be able to recommend that anyone use Freenode to host their channels, but at least I would be able to access the channels set up by communities that fail to see how awful Freenode is.
	Perhaps I will continue trying to connect and see if I can talk the administration into putting the onion addresses back up.
	After a few technical difficulties, I managed to register an account, so if I let it age before asking about <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> access, perhaps they will take me more seriously.
</p>
<p>
	While on Freenode, I ended up invited by EllenAlien to a strange small <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network that seems to be <a href="ircs://107.170.17.75:6697/">without a domain name</a>.
	Upon arriving on-network, I was immediately questioned by the network owner, KindOne.
	KindOne seemed to be a bit defensive.
	I get the feeling that strangers are not welcome there, though once I told who invited me, I seemed to be free to stay.
</p>
<p>
	Devnull of <a href="ircs://irc.volatile.ch/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a> showed me how to set WeeChat to actually show spelling suggestions, the other half of what a spelling checker should do.
	Devnull also told me about the <code>/reload</code> command, which allows you to reload the settings files after having manually edited them.
	Changing settings in-client is a pain, so this should save me a lot of time, especially when making larger changes.
</p>
<p>
	I debated for a bit about whether or not to buy a new domain today, with today being the last day of the <code>//st.</code> registry&apos;s 70% off sale.
	I decided not to make a purchase for now though.
	I now know about this sale, which appears to be yearly, so that is enough for now.
	If I decide that I need another domain, I might wait until this time next year to get it on sale if the need for a domain is not urgent.
	I should not buy a domain now just because they are on sale, not even sure if I have a use for it or not; that is exactly what the registry wants me to do.
	I should use their manipulative tactic to my own advantage, no theirs.
	(Though I am calling the <code>//st.</code> registry manipulative in this case, they are still my favorite registry and I do not know what I would do without them.
	This sales tactic is perfectly legitimate, I just do not like how effective it almost was on me.)
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F11-November%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

