<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>My first day back in school &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My first day back in school</h1>
			<p>Day 00544: Thursday, 2016 September 01</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>18 days until mobile voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>48 days until mobile data service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>3-6 business days (5-10 days) until my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card is supposed to arrive</li>
	<li>45 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I fully intended to start my coursework right away this morning, and in fact, I intended to start late last night.
	Last night though, I got exited putting together the tree/list of course dependencies, and that took too much time to finish.
	I think it was worth it, as I now have a pretty good idea of where I&apos;m going, but it did get me off to a late start.
	This morning, I again put off going to class, but this time, I didn&apos;t have a legitimate excuse.
	I wanted to re-unify my website, allowing access to my weblog to clearnetters; the thought on this being that as I&apos;m going to have to write journal entries that I submit for classes, and maybe I&apos;d want to link to my regular journal within them at times.
	However, the reunification process was not at all quick, and took several hours.
	In all honesty, I should have waited until completing my coursework for the week, but I doubt that I would have been able to concentrate in my excitement.
	I&apos;ve finished the merging process, though there still exists a lot that I need to do to clean up the website in general; things that I&apos;d have needed to do with or without the merge.
	While merging, I tried to keep the optimizations made in both websites, as they&apos;d been developed separately for a while, as well as remove all invalid instances of this website&apos;s domain name without a dot.
	That took a lot of hand editing, as I needed to make sure to fix/remove all instances of the domain in hyperlinks and comments, while maintaining the instances that were instead in readable text in the journal entries.
	Some of these instances in the entries were there mentioning the transition many months ago, while others were just instances of mentioning the domain before I understood that using the trailing dot was allowed.
	In either case, to preserve the integrity of the entries and what they meant at the time that they were written, their text needed to remain intact.
	I feared that the currently-missing journal entries in July might cause a couple dead hyperlinks to show up in the navigation, one on the page of the entry right before the gap and one on the page of the entry right after the gap, but surprisingly, everything worked out! Some of my source code for this website is a bit old, and I hardly ever look at it, so I forget the way that it actually functions sometimes.
	Speaking of dead links to missing weblog pages, I won&apos;t be linking to this weblog from the main navigation at all.
	This journal will be accessible, but semi-secret.
	If you know that it&apos;s here, you&apos;re welcome to read it, but it&apos;s not going to be broadcast everywhere like it once was.
</p>
<p>
	After fixing up the website (mostly), I remembered that I had another thing on my to do list for the day.
	I needed to get my Cricket device unlocked in preparation for canceling my service through them! This time, that went rather smoothly, and hopefully this time, I won&apos;t be back.
	I really do prefer T-Mobile as a company.
</p>
<p>
	Finally actually working on my schoolwork, I started with <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span>.
	The readings for the week were kind of short, and I found that they had this to say about assignment submission file formats:
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		Unless otherwise specified, the format of your uploaded file must be one that can be opened by MS Office and Open Office programs.
		Please submit all your text work as .doc or .odt files.
	</p>
	<p>
		For presentations, use .ppt or .odp files and for spreadsheets use .xls or .ods files.
		If you try to upload a file that is bigger than the maximum file upload size (10MB), you will receive an error message.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> accepts assignments in the standard <a href="apt:libreoffice">LibreOffice</a>/OpenOffice formats! I was happy just to be free to use free software to create documents to submit in the lame Microsoft formats, but it looks like I won&apos;t even need to worry about saving them that way.
	I took the quiz as well, though it was more of an open-book scavenger hunt across the university&apos;s website.
	The real point of it was to make sure that we know how to use their site to get the information that we need.
	I was going to work on the journal entry and discussion problem for the week as well, but they both looked pretty daunting.
	I got the feeling that they weren&apos;t really meant to be, but they asked questions that are more complex than most people probably realize.
	For example, part of the discussion question asked what the role of higher education institutions is today, as well as how their mission has changed in the past few decades.
	Personally, I think that these institutions used to be about generating and sharing knowledge, however, these days, they tend to try to hoard knowledge instead.
	They use students to figure out solutions to problems, then they patent said solutions so that the world can&apos;t have them.
	Often times, these patents are sold, either to patent trolls or to companies that want a monopoly on the ideas.
	Schools aren&apos;t what they used to be, and I&apos;m going to need to find a bunch of sources to cite and back my point.
	I&apos;m just not up for that today.
	Hopefully I&apos;ll get started on that tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	<span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> had a lot more reading to get through, and unlike <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span>&apos;s readings, many of these readings are available on websites open to the public instead of behind the school&apos;s login wall.
	You&apos;re welcome to read along with me, if you have the time and desire!
</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://fod.infobase.com/p_ViewPlaylist.aspx?AssignmentID=U7LPNT">Films On Demand - View Playlist</a></li>
<li><a href="https://yaleglobal.yale.edu./content/about-globalization">What Is Globalization?</a></li>
<li><a href="https://yaleglobal.yale.edu./content/terrorism-may-have-put-sand-its-gears-globalization-wont-stop">Terrorism May Have Put Sand In Its Gears But Globalization Won&apos;t Stop</a></li>
<li><a href="https://www.worldbank.org/depweb/beyond/beyondco/beg_12.pdf">multicolor728.qxd - beg_12.pdf</a></li>
<li><a href="http://sociology.emory.edu/faculty/globalization/debates.html">The Globalization Website - Debates</a></li>
<li><a href="http://sociology.emory.edu/faculty/globalization/theories.html">The Globalization Website - Theories</a></li>
<li><a href="http://sociology.emory.edu/faculty/globalization/theories01.html">The Globalization Website - Theories</a></li>
<li><a href="http://sociology.emory.edu/faculty/globalization/theories02.html">The Globalization Website - Theories</a></li>
<li><a href="http://sociology.emory.edu/faculty/globalization/theories03.html">The Globalization Website - Theories</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/culture/">Culture | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/development/">Development | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/environment/">Environment | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/health/">Health | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/investment/">Investment | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/technology/">Technology | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/category/issues-in-depth/trade/">Trade | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.globalization101.org/what-is-globalization/">What Is Globalization? | Globalization101</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.investopedia.com./ask/answers/022615/what-effect-has-globalization-had-international-investments.asp">What effect has globalization had on international investments? | Investopedia</a></li>
</ul>
<p>
	In place of one of those was supposed to be a video, but I couldn&apos;t get the video working.
	As I was about to ask for advice from the class, I noticed that there was a link to a transcript, which was a better option than a video anyway.
	One of those links is also a working video; I couldn&apos;t find a transcript for it though.
	I use the term &quot;working&quot; loosely, as I was and still am having technical difficulties with it, but at least it partially plays.
	Eventually, I gave up on trying to watch it.
	Tomorrow, I should finish the above readings.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from Discover stating that they have credited my account by the amount of the charge that I&apos;m disputing.
	However, they say that my former domain registrar has forty-five days to counter my dispute, in which case, the money will once again leave my account.
	If that happens, I will once more need to contact Discover and ask them how to de-authorize the domain registrar from charging to my account.
	The registrar refused to disable automatic payments on my behalf and I no longer have my log in credentials to do it myself because of <a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">the incident</a>.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

