<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Procrastination &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Procrastination</h1>
			<p>Day 00545: <time>Friday, 2016 September 02</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>17 days until mobile voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>47 days until mobile data service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>2-5 business days (4-9 days) until my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card is supposed to arrive</li>
	<li>44 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	Our mother and Vanessa went to Salem in search of a home and a school.
	If Vanessa isn&apos;t registered for school by today, they&apos;ll miss their first day! Unfortunately, the schools won&apos;t allow one to register unless they have a local address, so we need to at least know where we&apos;ll be living before registration.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://get.mp./">dotMP</a> sent me another notification about my expiring domain.
	It seems that I&apos;m already down to thirty days before it expires.
	I&apos;m not adding that to my new list of countdowns though, as it&apos;s not that big of a deal.
	I only bought that name accidentally and I never even found a use for it.
</p>
<p>
	I really didn&apos;t want to work on the readings for <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> today.
	While globalization is a very important topic, reading about it is rather boring.
	I ended up putting it off for most of the day.
	I knew that in order to avoid falling behind though, I needed to complete the readings by the end of the day, so eventually, I did get to work.
	I checked back with the <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> classroom, and the discussion assignment still hasn&apos;t been posted! This doesn&apos;t bode well.
	 For one thing, I wasn&apos;t able to see what I was supposed to be looking for in the readings, so when the discussion assignment is finally posted, I&apos;m likely going to need to go back and reread a lot of this.
	I doubt that I have time for that at the moment, as my life is a bit in chaos at the moment.
	Also though, what if it doesn&apos;t get posted at all before the deadline? Will we still be marked down for not completing it? Or worse still, what if it&apos;s posted at the last minute and we&apos;re all supposed to notice it and rush to completion? I won&apos;t be able to do the best of jobs in that situation, plus we cannot complete the section involving replying to others until both we&apos;ve posted our own answers and others have posted answers for us to reply to.
	The journal assignment has been posted though, and it requires both introducing ourselves and defining at least three words that we didn&apos;t know from the readings.
	I&apos;ve located thirteen such words, so I&apos;ll define all of those and hope that it makes up for my slowness in other areas, such as even completing the readings.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother had a few tasks for us while they were away.
	Cyrus was to clean the kitchen and locate whatever nasty smell my mother is smelling.
	I can&apos;t smell it, myself.
	My mother claims to have a bad nose, but their nose is actually pretty strong, whether they admit it or not.
	They&apos;re constantly complaining about smells that I can&apos;t even detect or are not very strong for me.
	In any case, Cyrus thinks that they might have found it, but it&apos;s not good news.
	It might be coming from the sink, in which case it could be sewer odor coming in through a cracked pipe.
	My tasks were to clean one of the restrooms and to clean up the pile of recyclables near the front door.
	Honestly, with how much I was procrastinating with my schoolwork, I should have had both done.
	However, I&apos;ve only gathered the recyclables, and I&apos;ll finish with the restroom tomorrow.
	To get the recyclables out of the way, I walked down to a distant recycling dumpster.
	Cyrus needed a break, and came with me carrying our trash to the trash dumpster in the same parking lot.
</p>
<p>
	Tomorrow, I need to show a bit more motivation.
	I need to get the restroom cleaned, complete at least one of the two journal assignments for the week, take the remaining quiz, and probably work on the discussion assignment that was posted in <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span>, as that one&apos;s actually available.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

