<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Patreon continues to maliciously discriminate against Tor users &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Patreon continues to maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users</h1>
			<p>Day 00555: <time>Monday, 2016 September 12</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>7 days until mobile voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>37 days until mobile data service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>2 days until my FreedomPop (no voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>) cycle restarts and I can find out if I have a higher data-transfer limit than before</li>
	<li>4 more <a href="https://fpop.co./ilZW">FreedomPop</a> friends until I hit my friend bonus limit</li>
	<li>34 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	Patreon has written back, refusing to fix their bug.
	There&apos;s a way around it, of course, but it involves knowing how the Web works enough to find the loopholes.
	If it were just me, I&apos;d probably do it, but I&apos;m not the only <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> user.
	This needs to be repaired so that other <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users have the same options available to them as everyone else does.
	If I were to use this loophole, it would diminish their incentive to fix their bug and would be paying them to maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
	It is worth losing access to these limited-time only albums to avoid funding a company that doesn&apos;t treat all Internet users as equal.
	Hoping to score the rare albums anyway, I contacted both <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/">Marc With a C</a> and <a href="http://professorshyguy.com/">Professor Shyguy</a> on the side to see if they&apos;d offer me an alternative way to purchase their music given my situation.
	Marc said that they&apos;d find a way for me if I really wanted them to, but that it would be a pain.
	That&apos;s fine.
	My goal isn&apos;t to impose, it&apos;s to fund an artist that releases free music.
	I&apos;ll just wait.
	Shyguy on the other hand, had a solution on their end.
	They told me to purchase <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/geekotica">Geekotica</a>, a name-your-price album that even accepts $0, for the price of the the payment tier that I&apos;m interested in, and include a note with the payment.
	Of course to decide what payment tier to use, my next question had to be about the license.
	I asked what license applied to these works, directly saying that I&apos;f pay up to $30 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> per month if they were under a <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> or <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike">CC BY-SA</abbr> license.
	They didn&apos;t gve a direct answer, but did say this: <a href="https://twitter.com/ProfessorShyguy/status/775389710927667200"><q>@YstDo All my stuff, except the cover songs, are free to use on twitch, youtube, anywhere really.</q></a>.
	That&apos;s good enough for me.
	I do wish that Shyguy would explicitly release under a free license, but a <a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/14.xhtml">past conversation</a> with them leads me to to believe that they don&apos;t understand how copyright works.
	Shyguy is an artist, not a lawyer.
	I don&apos;t think that there&apos;s any malicious intent here, and I don&apos;t foresee any problems as long as proper attribution is used.
</p>
<p>
	The albums scored through this deal so far are <a href="https://theaeronauts.bandcamp.com./album/the-white-lie-album">The White Lie Album</a> (an album that I <a href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/19.xhtml">previously</a> discovered was nonfree), some random stuff that I have already (most of which is free), <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a> (an album that I own three copies of on Bandcamp, in addition to a physical <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> of the album), &quot;Aeronauts Tracks&quot; (which don&apos;t bode well, as the Aeronauts wrote the nonfree The White Lie Album), and &quot;game music&quot;.
	That game music should be where the interesting things are.
	I listened to one track, which was awesome, though I don&apos;t currently have time to listen to it all and/or sort it into groups based on whether it&apos;s known to be nonfree or if it&apos;s probably fine.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of having three virtual copies of Fragmentation on BandCamp, it seems that purchasing a second copy of Geekotica (as I&apos;d bought that album in the past) didn&apos;t add a copy of it to my collection.
	This means that as I buy this album again and again each month, I&apos;m not going to end up with a collection consisting mostly of copies of Geekotica.
	It seems that physical items count as separate from virtual items, as far as the collection is concerned.
	If the physical item corresponds to a virtual item, it allows for another copy of that item to be in the collection, but otherwise, you only end up with at most one of each album.
</p>
<p>
	I finished up the readings for <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span>, then began research for my <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> assignments.
	I really should have started sooner, and worked on them at the same time as my main <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span> assignment.
	My discussion assignment for <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span> also should have been completed on the first day, and I should put off my &quot;journal&quot; assignment for <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span> until I finish the all of the other assignments for the week.
	If I hope to be useful to the moving process, find employment, and do well in school all at once, I need to get better at time management.
	Research isn&apos;t going too well though.
	I&apos;m finding a lot of information about how bad that the World Bank and International Monetary Fund are (which will be important for one assignment), but not much on a specific failed project (which I need for the other assignment).
	The World Bank has screwed up so many times and in all the same ways, so most sources just lump all of these incidents together.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa and our mother were unsuccessful in finding a home in Salem today.
	I&apos;m not sure what the sense would be in moving though before my mother finds a job.
	If a job is found after we move and it&apos;s outside of the area that we&apos;ve moved to, my mother might have to turn down the job if they&apos;ve signed a lease agreement.
	From the sound of it too, everywhere that they&apos;ve looked requires a one-year lease agreement when they even have openings.
</p>
<p>
	Five more people on FreedomPop accepted my friend requests, so I now get 500 megabytes of data per month.
	Although, to be sure that I avoid overage fees, I can only use up to 350 megabytes of it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

