<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Grading and submitting essays &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Grading and submitting essays</h1>
			<p>Day 00564: Wednesday, 2016 September 21</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>28 days until mobile service ends and I renew on a tablet plan</li>
	<li>26 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I managed to get back into Google account using my mobile, which was logged in via <a href="https://f-droid.org./repository/browse/?fdid=com.tobykurien.google_news">GApps Browser</a>, a Google Web applications sandbox.
	I&apos;m still weary of Google, and it&apos;s only a matter of time before they freak out and lock down my account again, but as long as my mobile remains logged in, I might be able to reclaim my account.
	That said, when the first account got locked down, I <strong>*was*</strong> logged into the account on GApps Browser, yet I wasn&apos;t able to unlock it from within like I was this time.
	If the account ends up locked down that badly again or if I end up logged out on GApps Browser, I&apos;ll have no recourse.
</p>
<p>
	My mother went to their interview in Sweet Home today.
	They said that it went okay, but not great.
	They have another interview in Salem on Tuesday though, so maybe that one will go better.
</p>
<p>
	I graded all six papers today that I was required to grade this week.
	Technically, I&apos;m a bit behind my desired schedule, but I got everything handed in by the deadline! The first essay seemed perfect.
	I felt odd giving a perfect score though.
	I mean, I want to give a perfect score to everyone, but will I be marked down for doing that? I feel like I&apos;m more of a lenient grader than many people would be.
	The grading criteria is pretty specific, so it seems like it would be hardish to give the wrong score, but it also seems like because the grading criteria is so specific, it&apos;d be hard to miss many points if you&apos;re actually trying.
	The second essay that I graded cleared that worry from my mind though.
	This essay in no way met the required standard.
	It didn&apos;t meet the minimum word count given to us before we wrote our own essays, nor did it even answer all of the questions posed by the assignment.
	The other four essays all did better than the second essay, but not as well as the first.
	I would prefer that everyone do well, but at least I won&apos;t be accused of giving only perfect scores, and I made very clear in my grading notes exactly why I gave the scores that I did.
	These essays were supposed to be anonymous to avoid favoritism, but Ola has a tag line with their name in it that thy include a the end of every post.
	They included it in their essay as well, along with a few other instances of their name! I&apos;m not sure exactly what to think of it, but it&apos;s hilarious.
	After grading my assigned six papers from last week, I submitted both my <a href="/en/coursework/POLS1503/The_Electronic_Frontier_Foundation.xhtml"><abbr title="Electronic Frontier Foundation">EFF</abbr> essay</a> for <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> and my <a href="/en/coursework/UNIV1001/Proctoring.xhtml">proctored exam essay</a> for <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

