<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother got the job in Sweet Home! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother got the job in Sweet Home!</h1>
			<p>Day 00565: Thursday, 2016 September 22</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>27 days until mobile service ends and I renew on a tablet plan</li>
	<li>25 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	My mother got the job in Sweet Home! It seems that it&apos;s only a one-year job, but that there are new openings yearly.
	With their foot now in the door, my mother should be able to snag another job for next year if they decide that they want to stay.
	T-Mobile seems to mostly have coverage in the area based on their coverage map, but as Vanessa and our mother were headed out to register Vanessa for school and get our mother checked into their classroom, I sent my mobile with Vanessa to have them verify the coverage.
	Vanessa didn&apos;t listen to my instructions though, and instead of reporting if there was 2G, 3G, H, or H+ service and if there was any signal at all, instead reported a number of signal bars.
	In any case, there is signal in the area, so I can stick with T-Mobile this school year.
	Sweet Home is too small of a city to have a T-Mobile store though, which is a bit of a drag.
	It looks like I&apos;ll need to bike twelve miles to pay my bill, then bike twelve miles back.
	At least I&apos;ll only have to do that once every thirty days.
	A bigger issue weighs on my mind though.
	Will job opportunities be just as far away? Am I going to have to bike twenty-four miles every day? How will that effect my schoolwork?
</p>
<p>
	<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/21.xhtml">Yesterday</a>, I thought that Ola was silly, exposing their identity in their essay submission, which was theoretically supposed to be anonymous.
	Today though, I have to eat those words.
	I took a look at my assigned essay topic for this week, and now I&apos;m going to have to expose who I am this week as well.
	One of the questions that I&apos;m required to address is of how I will keep myself accountable, which I do through this public journal.
	To mention the journal but not mention where to find it seems like I&apos;m trying to hide something but feign openness.
	That doesn&apos;t sound like holding myself accountable at all! Leaving out my <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> isn&apos;t really an option, if you think about it.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://bandcamp.com./y_st">Bandcamp</a> sent me an email today, and they&apos;re now accepting credit cards directly instead of requiring use of PayPal.
	This is awesome news! I can finally be free of PayPal! Well, mostly.
	There is a catch.
	Bandcamp only accepts credit cards directly when ordering digital music.
	They still demand use of PayPal when the customer is ordering anything physical.
	I do prefer digital music though, so I only place orders for physical items from Bandcamp artists when there&apos;s more to the order than just a physical copy of what is offered for download after purchase.
</p>
<p>
	I ended up taking a break again today.
	I should have started on my studies for the week, but today was a day of celebration and recuperation.
	Not knowing where I&apos;m going to be in the coming months and not being able to job hunt has been a major stressor for me, and now, things are finally moving along; we&apos;re actually going somewhere.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

