<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>Tablet activation issues &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Tablet activation issues</h1>
			<p>Day 00567: Saturday, 2016 September 24</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>25 days until mobile service ends and I renew on a tablet plan</li>
	<li>23 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I received an email addressed to my old recovered email account that told me the third and final domain that I&apos;m being charged for on my old account with my previous domain registrar.
	It&apos;s one that I used for a domain hack email address! It was supposed to look professional, and I suppose that it does, but it&apos;s not a domain that I&apos;d ever have remembered registering; that&apos;s why I could never guess it.
</p>
<p>
	I went to the local T-Mobile store to verify that they couldn&apos;t offer me a prepaid tablet plan on my &quot;smartphone&quot; device.
	Last time, the representative that I talked to tried to set the plan up for me, but couldn&apos;t find prepaid tablet plans anywhere in the system.
	It seemed that the only prepaid plans that could be set up at that location were &quot;smartphone&quot; plans.
	To be clear, this was regardless of what device I brought, and had nothing to do with the classification of my device.
	The representative that I spoke to today kept pushing for me to switch to postpaid, saying that they couldn&apos;t add tablet plans to the account unless it was a postpaid account.
	That seemed to mean that the system was the same as before, so I continued on to somewhere that I knew sells prepaid T-Mobile tablet <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards.
	It turns out that they have two types of T-Mobile <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards there.
	One type is exclusively for &quot;smartphone&quot; plans while the other can be used for either &quot;smartphone&quot; plans or tablet plans.
	They have no tablet-only <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards, so it&apos;s odd that they have &quot;smartphone&quot;-only <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards.
	Unfortunately, the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card seems to be detecting that I&apos;m on a &quot;smartphone&quot;, and is refusing to activate using a tablet plan.
	I tried borrowing a tablet from a friend though, and the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card isn&apos;t accepting the tablet as a tablet either.
	Maybe the detection isn&apos;t what I think that it is.
	Additionally, T-Mobile&apos;s <a href="http://www.t-mobile.com/verifyIMEI.aspx"><abbr title="International Mobile Station Equipment Identity">IMEI</abbr> verification page</a> doesn&apos;t seem to recognize the <abbr title="International Mobile Station Equipment Identity">IMEI</abbr> of the tablet or any of my&quot;smartphone&quot; devices.
</p>
<p>
	I spoke with a support representative about it, and they kept insisting that tablet activation must be accomplished via a telephone call, which directly contradicts the instructions that came with the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card.
	I kept explaining that, but they wouldn&apos;t listen, continuing to insist that the only way to activate it was via telephone.
	Obviously, that isn&apos;t an option, and I eventually gave up, ended the live Web support chat, and started a new one with a new representative.
	This representative said that I could activate it through another webpage that they gave me a link to, but that page kept insisting that my email address and password combination were incorrect.
	I verified that they weren&apos;t by logging into another part of the website, and additionally be making sure that a different error message was present if I tried to use an unrecognized email address.
	I can&apos;t seem to get this <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card to activate on a tablet plan, but it still does seem to accept &quot;smartphone&quot; plans.
	The worst-case scenario seems to be that I let my current service plan end, then activate the new <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card on the same plan to make use of the account funds that came with it.
</p>
<p>
	My reading assignment for today wasn&apos;t too long:
</p>
<ul>
<li><a href="https://collegeofsanmateo.edu/bsi/docs/successfulstudents.pdf">Microsoft Word - CHOICES OF SUCCESSFUL STUDENTS _2_.docx - successfulstudents.pdf</a></li>
<li><a href="https://mmrg.pbworks.com./f/Ryan,+Deci+00.pdf">Intrinsic and Extrinsic Motivations: Classic Definitions and New Directions - Ryan,+Deci+00.pdf</a></li>
<li><a href="http://missiontolearn.com./lifelong-learning-power-tips/">5 Lifelong Learning Power Tips for the Serious Learner</a></li>
<li><a href="http://missiontolearn.com./self-directed-learning-success/">Self Directed Learning: 15 Ways of the Successful Self-Directed Learner</a></li>
<li><a href="http://www.studygs.net/activelearn.htm">Attention Required! | CloudFlare</a></li>
</ul>
<p>
	After reading all of that, I wrote up most of my essay for the week, but I will need to sleep on the last paragraph and a half.
	The assignment says to include a word count, but doesn&apos;t tell what the minimum word count is.
	I should be above it though already with just what I&apos;ve written today, before adding the final paragraph and a half.
	I&apos;ll be at over a thousand words by the time I&apos;m through, and no assignment in this course has required that many words yet, but it would be nice to be sure that I&apos;ve written enough.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

