<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>Why does someone think that I&apos;m a *parent*!? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Why does someone think that I&apos;m a <strong>*parent*</strong>!?</h1>
			<p>Day 00568: Sunday, 2016 September 25</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>24 days until mobile service ends and I renew on a tablet plan</li>
	<li>22 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I received yet another email from <a href="http://get.mp./">dotMP</a> today, this time warning me that I only have seven days before my accidentally-registered <a href="/en/domains/ystyst.mp.xhtml"><code>//ystyst.mp.</code></a> domain expires.
	Once it expires, I might register a new domain elsewhere to use with a new job-related email address.
	The two names that I&apos;m currently considering are both available.
	This time, I&apos;ll probably register under the <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml#isla.pr"><code>//isla.pr.</code> <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr></a>.
	Registrations there are very inexpensive, though the &quot;isla&quot; part of the domain might look strange to people here in the States.
	The <code>//pr.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> might be of use though, as it is composed of my legal name&apos;s initials.
	Directly registering under this <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> is far too expensive though, which is why the third-level registration is more feasible.
</p>
<p>
	I took the ungraded <span title="Online Education Strategies">UNIV 1001</span> quiz that I forgot to take yesterday, then took a look at this week&apos;s <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> reading assignment.
	Unfortunately, it&apos;s hidden behind a login wall, so you can&apos;t take a look at it, but it&apos;s forty-nine pages long! This week&apos;s <a href="https://fod.infobase.com/p_ViewPlaylist.aspx?AssignmentID=FH2SLQ">assigned video</a> actually functioned though.
	I also completed the grading of all six of the peer essays I was assigned.
	I&apos;ll probably complete the reading assignment tomorrow, as I&apos;ll have the house to myself.
</p>
<p>
	Someone put me on a list of parents on twitter.
	Why do they think that I would ever have children, let alone that I currently do? I&apos;ve given no such signals.
	I would pass this off as someone not paying attention to who they stuck in groups and ignore it, but groups such as these are public.
	I find the thought of being labeled as a parent to be mildly offensive, so I looked up a way to <a href="http://askaaronlee.com./how-to-remove-yourself-from-stupid-twitter-lists/">degroup</a> myself.
	As it turns out, it&apos;s not that hard, though the way to do it is a bit unintuitive.
	Strangely, Twitter doesn&apos;t offer a way to outright remove yourself from a group, but if you block the user that put you in said group, you&apos;ll automatically be removed from any group that they&apos;ve put you in.
	The removal is permanent, so if you unblock them, you&apos;ll remain free of the group, though they will be able to put you back in.
</p>
<p>
	Tomorrow will be Vanessa&apos;s first day of school and our mother&apos;s first day of work.
	Vanessa&apos;s vanessa two or three weeks late in attending school though, so hopefully there won&apos;t be too much make up work.
	Now Vanessa can start making new friends again!
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

