<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>T-Mobile support representatives appear to be incompetent. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>T-Mobile support representatives appear to be incompetent.</h1>
			<p>Day 00569: Monday, 2016 September 26</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>23 days until mobile service ends and I renew on a tablet plan</li>
	<li>21 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	By the end of the day, I&apos;d spoken with a total of fourteen T-Mobile, including the representatives from yesterday.
	None of them were able to get my tablet line activated.
	In fact, one representative even made the problem <strong>*worse*</strong>! The representatives that I spoke with today were manning the T-Mobile support Twitter account, and while new representatives kept jumping in, they seemed to only pay attention to the last couple messages from me, not the whole conversation.
	I had to tell them <strong>*repeatedly*</strong> that activating the tablet over a telephone was in no way an option and that the instructions that came with the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card had promised the option to activate over the Web.
	The one representative even transfered my &quot;smartphone&quot; line to the new <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card instead of activating the tablet line! Not only did this fail to put the account credit that I paid for with the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card on the account, causing a loss of $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, it ended service on the original <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card and left me with no <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card to use for the tablet line.
	My best guess is that they read the last couple messages from me, but didn&apos;t read the full conversation that I&apos;d been having with several representatives already.
	They partially reversed the process once I expressed my extreme displeasure, but now the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card looks borked.
	While it used to allow access to the tablet-activation page, though the page didn&apos;t seem to work, it now doesn&apos;t allow Internet access at all.
	Great.
	They may have killed the new <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card and/or caused me to lose the $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> credit.
	Eventually, one of the representatives recommended trying to activate the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card in-person at a T-Mobile branch.
	They don&apos;t offer prepaid tablet plans, but the representative said that because I have a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card already, they might be able to set up the plan anyway.
	I&apos;ll walk in and try to get them to do that tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I completed the forty-nine-page reading assignment, then took a test based on it.
	I didn&apos;t do as well on the test as I would have liked to, but I did alright.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that the Samsung GT-i9100G finally made it back to the seller, as they&apos;ve now issued me my refund.
	It would have been nice if they&apos;d correctly labeled the device on the product page so I wouldn&apos;t have bought it and needed to send it back, but at least that problem is over.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

