<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>No telephone service required &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/09-September/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>No telephone service required</h1>
			<p>Day 00570: Tuesday, 2016 September 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>20 days until my old domain registrar can no longer counter my charge dispute</li>
</ul>
<p>
	At the T-Mobile store, I was informed that if I activate the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card in-person, I&apos;ll lose my $40 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> account credit due to the fact that the in-person activations don&apos;t use activation codes.
	Obviously that wasn&apos;t an option, so I headed home to argue with T-Mobile support some more.
	Before I began, I decided to put a little pressure in just the right place by publicly saying that I miss Cricket.
	Before I could even address my next message directly to T-Mobile support, they jumped on me, asking me to give them another chance! Dealing with five more support representatives, one was finally able to do their job and activate the tablet plan, no telephone required.
	I swear, there&apos;s always a way to do things without having telephone service.
	Anyone that tells you otherwise is a dirty, dirty liar.
	A telephone call would have saved me some time for sure, but the lost time was more than worth it just because of the principle.
	Unfortunately, it seems that my preferred tablet plan is only available if auto-pay is activated, but unlike telephone use, auto-pay is a burden that I&apos;m willing to bear.
	T-Mobile support seems to be relieved that I gave them a chance after this morning&apos;s tweet.
	They don&apos;t understand that I had never given up on getting support.
	That well-worded tweet was to get their attention.
	It worked, and now, so does my data plan.
	During the activation-debugging process, the support representative temporarily activated &quot;smartphone&quot; service on the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card.
	I considered using it to activate another Google Voice account for later, but decided against it on the grounds that then Google would have my more current telephone number.
	As it turns out, that wouldn&apos;t have been the case though, as when the service was switched to tablet service, the number was changed.
	Also, I think that I now know why the tablet-activation website was rejecting my device and the tablet that I borrowed.
	Despite the representative activating the plan using the tablet&apos;s <abbr title="International Mobile Station Equipment Identity">IMEI</abbr>, the account shows my own device&apos;s model number.
	When I first accessed the activation website, or perhaps when I first allowed my device to access the T-Mobile towers using that <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card, T-Mobile associated the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card with the mobile device and still hasn&apos;t let go of that, despite having later seen the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card in the tablet.
	If I want to activate a tablet plan next time, I can&apos;t allow the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card to be placed in my own device until <strong>*after*</strong> the plan has been activated in a tablet.
</p>
<p>
	T-Mobile support was supposed to get back to me about the T-Mobile Tuesdays website issue, but they did not.
	I thought it best not to mention it to the support team though.
	I don&apos;t want to overload the support team and I don&apos;t want to seem ungrateful.
	No worries though, the gifts this week are pretty bad like last week&apos;s gifts.
	The four gifts are a ride in an ostensibly fossil fuel-burning car, a desert made from cow excretions, a subscription to an ostensibly proprietary magazine, ans a small discount on clothing.
	The last of these is the only one that I&apos;d even consider using, but I get all of my clothing second hand.
	Second hand clothing is bound to be much less expensive than the clothing offered by the T-Mobile partner, even after the small discount.
</p>
<p>
	Between the high level of stress today and the lack of time due to arguing with T-Mobile support representatives, I didn&apos;t do any schoolwork.
	With all of the kinks worked out of my tablet plan though, I should be much more able to focus on schoolwork tomorrow.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F09-September%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

