<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Sick of reCAPTCHA and Google &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Sick of reCAPTCHA and Google</h1>
			<p>Day 01122: <time>Monday, 2018 April 02</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="CAPTCHAs">
	<h2>Google&apos;s reCAPTCHA</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m getting sick and tired of Google&apos;s new attitude in regards to reCAPTCHA.
		They&apos;ve been refusing to let me access several sites that use the service for hours on end, as they refuse to even send the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> to fill out.
		Bandcamp unfortunately uses their service on their log in page, and I&apos;ve finally written to their support team via their Web form:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			Over the past few months, I&apos;ve been usually unable to log into my Bandcamp account.
			The problem is reCAPTCHA.
			Google&apos;s reCAPTCHA has been refusing to send CAPTCHAs to connections it thinks are automated, which make *ZERO* sense, as the CAPTCHAs are there to allow users to prove the connection *isn&apos;t* automated.
			I thought this would clear up on its own, but it hasn&apos;t.
			It&apos;s been taking me *hours* to get logged in and access my music, which has been frustrating enough, but also, an artist I listen to recently took one of their new albums down rather quickly.
			I managed to buy the album before it disappeared *this* time, but what about next?
			If I can&apos;t log in right away, I could miss things like this.
		</p>
		<p>
			Could you please do something about this?
			If Google&apos;s reCAPTCHA isn&apos;t functional any more, maybe it&apos;s time to replace it as the CAPTCHA provider.
		</p>
		<p>
			(I can send a screenshot of Google&apos;s error message on your site of you like, just let me know where to send it.)
		</p>
	</blockquote>
</section>
<section id="visit">
	<h2>Attempted visit</h2>
	<p>
		I ended up leaving the apartment late, so I showed up at my mother&apos;s place twenty minutes behind schedule.
		She didn&apos;t appear to be around, so at first I thought she&apos;d given up waiting for me.
		But then, I realised that Vanessa has school today.
		My mother <strong>*almost never*</strong> answers the doorbell, so if Vanessa isn&apos;t around, visits don&apos;t succeed.
		I ended up coming back with a key, but it turned out my mother left the door unlocked in anticipation of my arrival.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest log</h2>
	<p>
		I fixed the sand and desert sand renewal in <code>renew</code>, and finally made coral spawn rarely on shallow, underwater sand after long periods of time.
		Now, even if all coral is mined away, it&apos;ll eventually come back.
		I messed up the <abbr title="Active Block Modifier">ABM</abbr> for that at first though, making it spawn new coral with too high a probability.
		Furthermore, it seems that Minetest sets off all the <abbr title="Active Block Modifier">ABM</abbr>s as soon as you start the game; it&apos;s only after that that the timer starts setting them off.
		As a result of these two issues, one my own error and one a strange quirk in the game I had no reason to even consider existed, the central island has become home to a growing reef.
		I&apos;m debating about whether I should remove it or let it continue growing.
		It&apos;s odd to have it there; it&apos;s a snow-laden, arctic region surrounded by tropical coral.
		Still, it&apos;d be nice to have a local coral source.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m debating about how easy I want warp points to be to acquire.
		If only one set of warp points can be held at a time, I don&apos;t want them necessarily tied to one of the same stats as a drop-modifier, as there&apos;s no way to swap the warp point ability out temporarily without losing all warp points, such as for when mining particular items.
		That means I can&apos;t attach the ability to the wooden door, as it&apos;s powered by any sapling, each of which has a drop-modifier as an option using the same type of sapling as both the element and the deck item.
		It might be good to go back to the initial plan of using the steel door.
		This would have two major characteristics to account for.
		First, warp points would be easy to acquire.
		I don&apos;t know whether that&apos;s good of bad.
		Second ...
		Oh wait, never mind.
		I was thinking that would make the warp points mutually exclusive to the extra storage provided by having a locked chest in the deck, but the locked chest is also compatible with any sapling element.
		I was thinking that was good, as you&apos;d have to choose between being able to jump around the map and being able to tote more with you.
		Still though, most people don&apos;t dig leaves for saplings often.
		It&apos;d be an extra effort to use warp points and still have substantial extra storage space, which is a positive aspect of that configuration.
		On the other hand, obsidian doors provide the quality of rarity in warp points.
		Again, I don&apos;t know if that&apos;s good or bad.
		However, this would also has the issue that obsidian doesn&apos;t have many forms.
		I can&apos;t make one of them incredibly useful, as it&apos;d be too easy of a choice which to use.
		I figure a select few bonus abilities will end up being great.
		This isn&apos;t by choice, but because of the sheer number of them.
		So far, I&apos;ve only come up with about three that I think stand out among the others, so if I only accepted awesome ideas, this mod pack would flop and fail for the fifth time.
		Even in the original draft, it was never my intention that every bonus ability be the most useful feature ever.
		In fact, the original ability granted by corral was called &quot;Corrals&apos; Revenge&quot; (the original draft involved displayed ability names) and would <strong>*reduce your health*</strong> when used, with the reduction increasing as you mine more and more coral.
		And finally, there&apos;s the option of the glass door.
		The new sand-renewal mechanics bring a whole heap of new items into the list of what I can support, so I haven&apos;t given much thought to what sand bonuses can do yet.
		Desert stone, grey stone bricks, et cetera ...
		I&apos;ll need to come up with some ideas before I can better understand the implications of using the glass door for this particularly potent ability.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

