<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>reCAPTCHA issues &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>reCAPTCHA issues</h1>
			<p>Day 01123: <time>Tuesday, 2018 April 03</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="account">
	<h2>Bandcamp account issues</h2>
	<p>
		Bandcamp support got back to me saying no one else has complained of the reCAPTCHA problem since they set their <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>s to be &quot;invisible&quot;, and asked me to confirm my Web browser and operating system details that they had, probably from the <code>User-Agent</code> string I used when I filed for help.
		My response:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			Hey Bryan,
		</p>
		<p>
			Yeah, it&apos;s Firefox 45.9.0.
			It&apos;s the long-term support release of it, or whatever they&apos;re calling it; the one that gets bug patches but doesn&apos;t get all the new features right away.
			As you said, I&apos;m also on Linux, specifically Debian 9.
		</p>
		<p>
			I&apos;ve attached a screenshot of the error message to this letter.
		</p>
		<p>
			The &quot;invisible&quot; CAPTCHA hasn&apos;t been very invisible on my end. I&apos;ve pretty much always had to click the CAPTCHA images, I&apos;ve just had to do it after having submitting my log in details instead of before. Except over the past few months, reCAPTCHA has usually not been giving me the chance.
		</p>
		<p>
			It&apos;s great to hear purchases will still work when logged out.
			Is there a way to access past purchases as well?
		</p>
		<p>
			It&apos;s worth noting (for use in trying to explain why you don&apos;t see the problem on your end) that since before I registered a Bandcamp account, I&apos;ve been a Tor user.
			I&apos;ve put a lot of money into this account though; I&apos;m a legitimate user, I just don&apos;t like middlemen eavesdropping on my connections.
			And last time I expressed issues with the website blocking me, you (or someone else on support) said you have no intent of blocking us Tor users.
			However, Google (and thus reCAPTCHA) is a different story.
			Google doesn&apos;t like us Tor users because Google makes its money not in legitimate sales like you do, but in selling the data of users to its advertisers.
			Google doesn&apos;t exactly like Tor users, and hasn&apos;t for a while.
			My guess is that this is yet another step they&apos;re taking to try to discourage the privacy that hurts their bottom line.
		</p>
		<p>
			Thank you,<br/>
			~ Alex Yst
		</p>
	</blockquote>
</section>
<section id="coupons">
	<h2>Coupon ad registration</h2>
	<p>
		Yesterday, my mother pointed me toward a coupon-mailing list for Harbor Freight, a hardware store near Bi-Mart.
		Apparently, they offer &quot;gratis&quot; items frequently.
		To get them, you have to make a purchase, but you can buy anything in the store ant it will count.
		There&apos;s no minimum price requirement or anything like that.
		I&apos;m right in that parking lot every week for my B-Mart trip, so it&apos;d be a waste not to give their coupon mailer a try.
		Being Tuesday, I stopped by to sign up today.
		They wouldn&apos;t sign me up without a telephone number, even asking if I had a friend whose number I could give them since I don&apos;t have one.
		I don&apos;t know any numbers offhand, and even if I did, I wouldn&apos;t give them one for a couple reasons.
		First, I don&apos;t intend to buy into any company&apos;s ridiculous you-must-have-a-telephone system.
		By doing so, I&apos;d be helping perpetuate the problem.
		But also, it wouldn&apos;t be my number to hand out.
		It&apos;d be wrong for me to sign up for something using someone else&apos;s contact information without talking to them about it first.
		I said if a telephone number was required, I&apos;d just have to give up, said my goodbye, and started walking away.
		That got them to be more reasonable; they called me back and input a fake telephone number: <a href="tel:+15415555555"><code>541 555 5555</code></a>.
		They must&apos;ve thought that was an unused number because of the &quot;###555####&quot; format, but fun fact:
		Fake numbers within the <code>+1</code> country code are in the format &quot;###55501##&quot; format.
		The number they used was very likely someone else&apos;s number!
		Not my problem though; I didn&apos;t choose that number.
		I noticed on the form too that it asked for the registrants gender, so I kept an eye on that field to catch them when they tried to misgender me.
		They didn&apos;t though.
		They just left that field blank when they submitted it, which I appreciate.
		There&apos;s no need to specify a gender for a coupon mailing list, seriously.
		Why was that field even included?
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drawing">
	<h2>Lucky number drawing</h2>
	<p>
		The lucky ending digit for the week is five.
		I&apos;ve got more than enough data by now, I just need to find the time to go back through my journal to compile it.
		It&apos;s be easier if I hadn&apos;t had to redact all my entries as of late.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="visit">
	<h2>Visit</h2>
	<p>
		I spent most of my day today with my mother, as I&apos;ll also do tomorrow.
		I haven&apos;t visited her at all this past term, as I was struggling to keep my sanity and keep on top of the workload, between the stress the school puts me under and the noxious nature of that English course.
		(The maths course was mostly okay.)
		After tomorrow though, I&apos;m taking a week to myself before school is back in session; I desperately need it.
	</p>
	<p>
		We went on her daily treasure hunt, and later, we went with Vanessa to get tacos.
		I&apos;ve never had tacos with potato on them, but they were pretty good.
		We also sat and watched one of her television shows, which I pretended to enjoy.
		It&apos;s odd; I used to <strong>*actually*</strong> enjoy that particular show, long before she ever did, but I&apos;ve changed so much.
		The mere fact that it&apos;s proprietary is enough to turn me off to it now.
		I guess it helps too that I have something better to do than watch television now too: program Minetest mods.
		I&apos;m never going to finish the <code>minequest</code> project before school starts, but I&apos;d love to have a good chunk of it done.
	</p>
	<p>
		Vanessa&apos;s been having trouble getting her Bluetooth headset to function with her laptop.
		I thought she was on Debian, so I thought I could help, but she&apos;s switched to Mint on me.
		I tried, but got nowhere.
		It doesn&apos;t help that I&apos;ve never used Bluetooth for anything myself.
		I ended up giving up and asking in the Linux Mint support <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> channel, where a couple knowledgable people helped me get it working.
		It seems there&apos;s a setting to toggle, it&apos;s easiest to toggle via an interface that isn&apos;t installed by default, and the setting resets itself upon reboot.
		I showed her how to reach the setting though, as well as how to reach volunteer tech support when I&apos;m not nearby to assist.
		Unfortunately though, it seems the headset isn&apos;t much good to her.
		The connection works fine, but the microphone (the part she needed most) isn&apos;t very high in quality, so she can&apos;t be heard very well.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

