<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Clog &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Clog</h1>
			<p>Day 01125: <time>Thursday, 2018 April 05</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest log</h2>
	<p>
		The effects of <code>drop_hack</code> have now been implemented in the Minequest Modpack.
	</p>
	<p>
		With how the developer I spoke with on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> was talking yesterday, it sounded like my bug report might not be taken seriously.
		It seemed that they believed there wasn&apos;t cause for symlinks to be used in world directories, so the behaviour of using them there was undefined.
		I got what I got, but there was no reason to fix the code to avoid other people having the same happen to them.
		However, this morning, I found two developers had joined the conversation on the bug report page, excluding one that simply marked it as a bug and categorised it.
		The first called out the lead developer, saying they&apos;d discussed this with them before.
		It&apos;s a <strong>*known*</strong> bug (though probably a forgotten bug)!
		The next found the exact cause of the bug and labelled the bug as high priority.
		There&apos;s a known fix, and it sounds relatively simple!
		I&apos;d probably write up the patch myself if I had any clue what I&apos;m doing in C++.
		I&apos;m maintaining hope that this&apos;ll be repaired by the next stable release, though I&apos;m not sure when that would be.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;d hoped not to restart the world again, but between the revised mechanics of <code>renew</code> and the development of <code>minequest</code>, I think I&apos;m going to anyway.
		The better <code>renew</code> mechanics mean that stone isn&apos;t the only material I can acquire in large quantities while building the tunnel, provided I have a steady source of tools to wear out as I go.
		I&apos;ve already started building up the walls of the tunnel in stone though.
		I&apos;ve got to tear all that out anyway.
		I think I&apos;ve figured out how to reduce tool wear in <code>minequest</code>, so I should be able to drag out my tool usage for a while, and once I&apos;ve made enough progress, I shouldn&apos;t need to wear out tools at all any more.
		Starting over will also clean out the database of the newly-bogus key/value pairs.
		The tracking of drops without a player is getting in the way of <code>minequest</code> development, so I&apos;m removing it.
		Besides, that tracking was added to try to deal with other issues in Minetest Game that I&apos;ve since fixed in <code>renew</code>.
		Tracking unclaimed drops was always beyond the scope of <code>minestats</code>, and should never have been added.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="IRA">
	<h2><abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> issues</h2>
	<p>
		Today, the person in charge of out franchise dropped by the store, so I talked to them about the issues I&apos;ve been having with the <abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> people.
		It turns out the <abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> people lied to me.
		They don&apos;t have any of my money at all, as the franchise owner hasn&apos;t done what needs to be done to allow the person in charge to set up the sending of money to the <abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> people.
		Anyway, they said they&apos;d make sure the <abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> people had my propper informarion, because they think that&apos;s the problem.
		I don&apos; think it is though, I think their website is just broken, and since they refuse to provide any support, I can&apos;t work around the problem.
		I got them to promise not to send the <abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> people any of my money if they&apos;re ever able to get the system set up, just in case.
		I&apos;m tired of dealing with these <abbr title="individual retirement account">IRA</abbr> people that won&apos;t even support their own service and deal with the problems they set up themselves in their Web interface.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="clog">
	<h2>Drain clog</h2>
	<p>
		My shower drain&apos;s been clogged for a while, but I haven&apos;t had time to do anything about it.
		Usually, I use this plastic snake thing to clear out hair, and everything returns to normal, but that didn&apos;t work this time.
		I figured a plunger might do better, but I needed to find time to look for an inexpensive, used one.
		However ...
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother&apos;s water heater&apos;s gone out.
		Showering has gotten terrible at her place; it&apos;s just way too cold.
		I figured I&apos;d clean out my shower a bit, then tell her to go ahead and use mine if she liked.
		It turned out she didn&apos;t need the invitation.
		Before I could get things set up, she invited herself to use it.
		No problems there; I don&apos;t mind at all.
		Anyway, being in a hurry now because of her lack of hot water at her place, I splurged and bought a brand new plunger.
		The store was out of the cheap ones, so I had to pay double the price to get one of the next level up.
		It didn&apos;t help though.
		At all.
		In fact, I think it might&apos;ve made the clog somehow worse.
		The tub didn&apos;t seem to visibly drain at all, though I suspect it was just draining even more slowly than before.
	</p>
	<p>
		I wrote to my mother to warn her of the problem.
		She could use my shower all she like, but she&apos;d have water at her feet as she did so.
		She wouldn&apos;t leave well enough alone though.
		She couldn&apos;t just be satisfied to have access to warm water.
		Instead, she insisted I get the manager to come in and fix it.
		First of all, ignoring who the manager even is, I don&apos;t want to go get someone else to unclog my drain for me.
		However, the manager&apos;s been really nice and helped me get furniture and whatnot.
		I don&apos;t feel right sticking them with my clogged drain.
		My mother doesn&apos;t respond well to being told &quot;no&quot; though.
		It doesn&apos;t matter how unsolicited her advice is, she acts like you kicked her in the teeth if yo don&apos;t follow it to the letter.
	</p>
	<p>
		At first, I figured I&apos;d ignore her message.
		If she asked, I&apos;d say I didn&apos;t respond specifically because I wasn&apos;t going with her plan but that she freaks out if told things like that.
		That wouldn&apos;t go over well.
		Then I decided to simply claim the message didn&apos;t come through.
		Too dishonest though.
		After a while, I wrote back with an excuse she couldn&apos;t really deny, but was completely bogus none the less.
		She&apos;d know I wasn&apos;t getting the manager, but since she can&apos;t handle the truth, she wouldn&apos;t be getting that.
		I figured I&apos;d go back to the store tonight and look for a different kind of snake, but before I went out, I filled the bathtub.
		I figured letting the weight of all the water press down on the clog while I was away might shove it through; sort of like how double-filling the toilet bowl forces lesser clogs though.
		I couldn&apos;t just let it be though.
		I had to try the plunger with all that water in there before heading out.
		I noticed this time though that water would spurt out from behind the drain-stopper switch plate as I plunged.
		There was a passage from behind that plate to the drain, so perhaps I could attack the clog with my current snake from this other angle.
		I started removing the plate, but before I could finish, the water started visibly and audibly draining.
		As I continued, the flow sped up.
		When I pulled the stopper out by the switch that operated it, the drain cleared completely.
		The stopper must sit partly-blocking the drain, even when toggled to not block the flow.
		Removing it entirely must&apos;ve widened to passage enough to let the clog get washed away.
		I&apos;m completely at a loss as to what could&apos;ve been blocking my drain though if not the usual hair.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

