<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Setting minequest&apos;s initial goals lower &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Setting <code>minequest</code>&apos;s initial goals lower</h1>
			<p>Day 01127: Saturday, 2018 April 07</p>
		</header>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest log</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;d like to get the new world started, but I don&apos;t want to do that before getting the anti-tool-wear bonus programmed, even though I won&apos;t have access to it for a while anyway.
		My current plan with tool-based bonus abilities though had been to have the material of the tool determine the ability and the type of tool determine which group of nodes triggers it.
		That meant that before I can program any of the tool bonuses, I needed to know what all the bonuses will be; that way, I can attach each bonus to the most-fitting material.
		And of course, I&apos;d decided to make the anti-tool-wear mechanic one of these tool-based bonuses.
		While I think reversed tool wear will be underappreciated, it&apos;s one of the most powerful abilities the Minequest Modpack will have to offer.
		Splitting it up so it only functions when digging certain nodes like this helps balance it out somewhat.
		Anyway, I was three ideas away from having the full set of six tool bonuses, if you don&apos;t count the bonuses for hoes and the screwdriver.
		Those tools behave very differently though, so the bonuses I&apos;d want for them are mutually exclusive to the ones I&apos;m trying to come up with now.
		I can deal with the hoes and screwdriver later, and in fact, I do already have a couple ideas for the screwdriver, including a screwdriver-specific anti-wear mechanic, seeing as anti-wear mechanics have to be context-specific or I can&apos;t get information on which player is causing the wear.
	</p>
	<p>
		I worked myself up too much over the tool bonuses though, to the point where I had a strange dream about them.
		I don&apos;t remember the details, but it was weird.
		I&apos;m giving up.
		For now.
		I&apos;m dropping support for the newer tools from the proof-of-concept build, and going back to only supporting items from that initial, pre-0.4.0 version of the subgame.
		I&apos;m dropping support for items in which the countable drop isn&apos;t yet available in the subgame version my respective beta builds are based on, postponing support for several items.
		Furthermore, I&apos;m leaving support out for all items that are supportable only with <code>renew</code> until all the regularly-supportable items have been completed, and I&apos;m pushing several items on my to-support list back to not be supported until later versions; not only from this initial version, but several other incremental versions as well.
		I&apos;m down to on;y thirty-two items that will be supported in the proof-of-concept build.
		Of these, there are four tool materials, but the mese pick is strange in that it&apos;s the only tool in the mese set; there is no mese shovel, axe, or sword in older versions of the subgame.
		(It&apos;s worth noting that mese isn&apos;t countable in this pre-0.4.0 version of the game, but the wooden handle makes this still an item that can be attached to a countable, in this case, saplings.)
		Because the mese pick isn&apos;t part of a set (yet), I&apos;m probably going to give it a bonus unlike the other tools, one that likewise isn&apos;t part of a set.
		With the to-support pool dropped so much, I don&apos;t think I want to start the world until I can at least finish support for these thirty-two items.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

