<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>Creative block &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Creative block</h1>
			<p>Day 01128: <time>Sunday, 2018 April 08</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest log</h2>
	<p>
		I wasn&apos;t thrilled yesterday to need to make the decision not to support elements added by <code>renew</code> in the Minequest Modpack until the very last phase of beta development.
		I didn&apos;t feel I had another choice at the time, but I knew it&apos;d result in <code>renew</code>-defined elements being treated as second-class elements.
		And to be truthful, they are.
		Of the few people that will use <code>minequest</code> and the Minequest Modpack, I&apos;m guessing very few to none will also install <code>renew</code>.
		<code>renew</code> simply isn&apos;t a popular mod, and I doubt <code>minequest</code> or the Minequest Modpack will see many fans either.
		However, <code>minequest</code> isn&apos;t for others.
		It&apos;s for me.
		I will be <strong>*ecstatic*</strong> if it gets popular, but I shouldn&apos;t allow how I assume others will perceive the Minequest Modpack to hold me back in getting what I want from it, and I should take special steps to ensure I give my self-defined elements the chance they deserve, as that&apos;ll make the modpack more enjoyable for me (especially in the beta versions, as full support is planned for everything eventually anyway).
	</p>
	<p>
		My previous algorithm for determining what subset of items to support for the time being was terrible at best.
		It was the result of continuous changes in my plans mutating an initial, simple algorithm.
		Just how bad the algorithm was could be seen in how much had to be done by hand and how I either had to guess at some things or go back and try to review old Minetest Game version code that I have no intent of touching again once I&apos;ve moved on to the next stage of support.
		I&apos;ve coded up something much more reliable that only needs me to manually handle the data to figure out semantic stuff that the game will never be able to understand on its own.
		I&apos;ve also worked support for <code>renew</code> in, so I can slowly add support for the <code>renew</code> elements as I slowly add support for the Minetest Game elements.
		I&apos;m <strong>*much*</strong> happier with this result.
		Planned support for the proof-of-concept release is now up to forty-four items and four elements.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve also decided to let go a bit more and allow items to take on bonuses I don&apos;t necessarily want them to, at least during the beta stages of development.
		I previously wanted the wooden door not to be the one to hold the warp point ability, but I&apos;ve only come up with one door-related innate item ability so far.
		Why not let the wooden door use it during the proof-of-concept stage?
		It&apos;s not finalised, it&apos;s known to be highly unstable, and it&apos;s alright for me to make drastic, world-breaking changes at this point.
		(It&apos;s worth noting though that I&apos;ve reconsidered my position on the wooden door being the warper; it might be a good idea <strong>*precisely*</strong> for the reason I didn&apos;t want it to happen.)
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve still hit a creative block though.
		I&apos;m not sure what to add to the modpack.
		Still, this is the furthest I&apos;ve come in all my iterations of <code>minequest</code>.
		I&apos;ve never gotten beyond the stage where I implement the basic interface; I&apos;ve never implemented the innate abilities for a player to draw out of even one item until this time.
		I&apos;ll be ecstatic if I can get this first proof-of-concept build released, even if I fail to take the project further than that.
		However, I think maybe other Minetest players would have ideas they&apos;d volunteer if I can just get <strong>*something*</strong> released.
		I can&apos;t just release now with what I have though; I need more substantial work done on the specific abilities.
		Don&apos;t get me wrong.
		I&apos;ve put a great amount of effort into the general code of the <code>minequest</code> core and the idea itself has been refined to the point that it&apos;s pretty solid now.
		It just ... lacks a &quot;wow&quot; factor.
		It doesn&apos;t flash.
		It doesn&apos;t sparkle.
		It&apos;ll get ignored without something more to show what its capable of.
		I haven&apos;t finished coding my current ideas though, so maybe by the time I do, I&apos;ll have some more to add.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="onioncat">
	<h2><code>onioncat</code></h2>
	<p>
		I stayed up pretty late last night and into the morning working on <code>minequest</code>, but I had some stuff I really wanted to get implemented before I turned in for the night.
		A friend came to me online though really excited about <code>onioncat</code>.
		It seems like a great tool for certain situations, but as I told them, it doesn&apos;t fit my use case.
		Annoyingly, they insisted on ignoring the fact that I was tired, the fact that I was busy, and the fact that I didn&apos;t have a use for it.
		I&apos;d expressed an active disinterest in using it, but they insisted I stay up far later than even I&apos;d planned to, not get what I wanted done done, and get <code>onioncat</code> installed and configured on my machine.
	</p>
	<p>
		So, we spent the next few hours setting that up.
		In the end, I think we had it working, at which point I asked them what they&apos;d wanted me to do with it.
		Apparently, they wanted me to just mess around with it.
		I was exhausted before we&apos;d even started though.
		I explained that I could follow basic instructions in such exhaustion, but I couldn&apos;t just mess around with a completely-foreign piece of software.
		In my weary state, I just didn&apos;t have the brainpower!
		They laughed.
		They&apos;d kept me up late setting up software I didn&apos;t even want and I didn&apos;t even have a purpose for, they didn&apos;t even have anything they wanted done with it, and all they did was laugh.
		No apology or anything.
		I need to try to remember not to fall for that garbage again.
		They&apos;re a great person, but they let their excitement get the better of them and pushed it onto me at a time I wasn&apos;t ready to deal with it.
		Next time, if I remember, I&apos;ll tell them to wait until morning, or a day off, or something.
	</p>
	<p>
		Today saw the brief return of <a href="/y.st./source/y.st./source/pages/en/domains/quystystxtvdgyst.onion.xhtml"><code>//quystystxtvdgyst.onion.</code></a>, which we used to give <code>onioncat</code> access to the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network.
		Or something.
		I&apos;m not even clear on what we did.
		This wasn&apos;t even a learning experience for me, as I was way too tired to take in any new information.
		Anyway, with nothing to do once we reached what I guess was our destination, I shut the onion down again and put it back in cold storage.
		<code>onioncat</code> will probably continue running until next reboot though; I didn&apos;t shut that down.
		I doubt it&apos;ll come back online on its own after rebooting, but I&apos;m not interested enough to look into it; not after the grief I&apos;ve already had with it (through no fault of its own).
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

