<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Found a bug without even looking at the code or seeing it in action &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Found a bug without even looking at the code or seeing it in action</h1>
			<p>Day 01129: <time>Monday, 2018 April 09</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="hat">
	<h2>A red Red Hat hat</h2>
	<p>
		A customer came in near the end of the night wearing a red hat bearing the <a href="https://www.redhat.com/en">Red Hat</a> name and logo.
		I got excited to run into another Linux user, but it turns out the wearer didn&apos;t even know what they were wearing.
		They&apos;d found the hat outside on the ground and thought it referred to as they put it,&quot;some women&apos;s thing.
		I&apos;m guessing they were talking about the <a href="https://www.redhatsociety.com/">Red Hat Society</a>.
		There&apos;s no mistaking that logo though.
		It was definitely referring to the operating system.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest log</h2>
	<p>
		I was trying to figure out how to provide post-count drop modifications in a <code>minequest</code>-related mod, when I realised that the inability to do it cleanly could be traced directly back to the underlying <code>minestats</code> counter.
		Perhaps I should add a new callback?
		Or extend the existing callback?
		I could require registered callbacks using the <code>register_update_function()</code> function to return a drop table, which would replace the original drop table.
		It&apos;d be overhead though, and most registered update functions won&apos;t need the capacity.
		Still, this would be the cleanest way to achieve my current goal ...
	</p>
	<p>
		After mulling it over a while though, I remembered that Lua tables are passed by reference.
		An update callback can simply modify the drop table passed to it and the modification should take effect!
		That means I introduced a bug last time I modified the code around that, which I think was yesterday.
		I figured I&apos;d test when I got home to see if it behaved as expected, and if so, I&apos;d document it and relabel it as a feature.
		If I was wrong and the bug hadn&apos;t been introduced, it&apos;d be because of the order in which things were processed; I&apos;d just rearrange the code a bit to introduce the capacity as a new feature.
		Literally, not a single character would likely need to be added or removed, just moved.
		The test showed the bug was in fact present though, so I started trying to make use of it.
	</p>
	<p>
		As I looked at some code I needed to clean up to make use of this, before I could change a thing, I realised that this wouldn&apos;t work the way I&apos;d planned.
		The particular issue I&apos;m dealing with is that I&apos;ve added an ability to sometimes automatically smelt the items you mine, but once the item&apos;s been smelted, it&apos;s not the countable drop any more.
		Players are penalised for using that bonus, as their stats won&apos;t go up while it&apos;s in effect.
		The update callback is only called when a counted drop is encountered though.
		Non-counted drops should be auto-smelted as well.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve come up with a new plan though, one that makes use of the implementation details of <code>minestats</code>.
		<code>minestats</code> holds off on overriding the drop handler to account for mods such as <code>creative</code> that override it without ever calling the original version.
		<code>minequest</code>, or maybe one of the mods from the Minequest Modpack, can grab the original function, squirl it away for later use, and replace it with a dummy function for <code>minestats</code> to call.
		After <code>minestats</code> has replaced the function, this other mod can grab the <code>minestats</code> version, then replace the function with a version that calls the <code>minestats</code> version first, then does what needs to be done, and finally calls the original version.
		It all sounds convoluted, but it&apos;s not as bad as it seems.
		I hope.
		As I don&apos;t see a clear way this bug can actually be beneficial, I&apos;ve fixed it.
		It is a bug after all, even though I only found it because I was trying to implement something similar in effect as a feature.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

