<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>Errands and rest &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/04-April/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/04-April/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Errands and rest</h1>
			<p>Day 01130: <time>Tuesday, 2018 April 10</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="Minetest">
	<h2>Minetest log</h2>
	<p>
		Implementing the plan from yesterday took almost no effort at all.
		The description of the process may have made it seem convoluted, but was in fact just as straightforward as I&apos;d hoped it&apos;d be.
		I wasn&apos;t really up for programming anything else though.
		I guess I needed to rest my mind today.
		I ended up spending much of the day outside biking; getting some exercise and catching some rays.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="card">
	<h2>Credit card</h2>
	<p>
		I got a credit card offer in the mail yesterday.
		If I spend five hundred dollars on it in three months, I get one hundred fifty back.
		It couldn&apos;t have come at much better a time.
		The fact is that I still need a backup laptop, and I still don&apos;t have a way to get a used on I know will work.
		As I said before, I&apos;m going to need to get one new, but I&apos;ve been putting that off.
		I&apos;ve been saving up though, so now&apos;s a good time to get one.
		Hopefully I can find one cheaper than that, though I probably can&apos;t.
		Even if I can, a good chunk of the spend target will still be hit with the laptop purchase alone.
		I&apos;ve also been considering getting a cheap camera; even the least expensive one I could find was forty dollars.
		Then there&apos;s groceries.
		I do like to eat.
	</p>
	<p>
		The website was programmed in a very annoying way though; it was poorly programmed, to say the least.
		It kept deleting the previous of my Social Security number when I&apos;d try to enter the next part, then complain that the part that remained wasn&apos;t a full Social Security number.
		I finally found a way to trick it into letting me enter the full number, which got it to stop complaining, but if I were a normal user and not a somewhat-geeky user, I&apos;d&apos;ve stood no chance of making the form work.
		Then, of course, the form refused to accept the fact that I have no telephone service.
		I had to give up last night, planning to go apply in person.
		It did accept my email address though, which would be interesting today.
	</p>
	<p>
		My understanding is that the bankers weren&apos;t in yet when I arrived at the bank; only the tellers were there.
		I ended up needing to wait twenty minutes, so I spent ten of that walking around the parking lot a bit, and then it turned out the banker wasn&apos;t ready for my appointment and I waited another ten.
		It&apos;s a good thing I was in no particular rush today.
		The banker was nice, but was surprised I didn&apos;t have telephone service.
		Just like everyone else is surprised.
		I mean, everyone&apos;s subscribed to three different telephone lines these days, right?
		Their home phone, their mobile line, and ... their work mobile line?
		Something like that.
		Their computer system bugged out a few times; I blame Windows for that.
		Their system was also programmed to reject the <code>st</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> I use for my email address; unlike the website.
		They changed it to a <code>come</code> to bypass the issue, then edited it after my profile was set up to use the correct <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>.
		A lot of the email address syntax checkers are poorly written and don&apos;t check for the things they really should, instead checking for irrelevant details that only usually apply, but it&apos;s even stranger that these checkers are inconsistently used.
		It really shows how stupid the programmers setting up the system are.
		Anyway, I was approved for the card, but it&apos;ll take time to arrive via post.
	</p>
	<p>
		I later received an email from the banker telling me how much they care and want to make sure things go well; and to give them a ring if I need anything.
		Clearly they don&apos;t care about me enough to even remember that I don&apos;t have telephone service and can&apos;t call them.
		Not that I expect them to care, but I&apos;m in a unique position to notice many of the times businesspeople lie to me as a client about their level of caring.
		They probably do care about the account though, even if not me.
		It&apos;s their job to care about my account.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drawing">
	<h2>Lucky ending digit drawing</h2>
	<p>
		This week&apos;s ending digit was four.
		And I still haven&apos;t taken the time to compile my findings and see if there&apos;s a ten-week cycle going on with the weekly drawing.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>Drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		I swear, this school is so disorganised.
		They kept writing to me complaining that I hadn&apos;t made my payment yet, even though the post office said the payment should&apos;ve made it to them ages ago.
		It was only on the final due date that they seem to have found and processed the payment.
		After they&apos;d spent weeks scaring me, telling me they&apos;d drop me from next term for lack of payment this term.
		Now today, they sent notification that I&apos;d been approved for one of the courses I&apos;ve applied to take next term.
		No mention was made for the other course.
		I waited five hours.
		(Part of this time was spent running the aforementioned errands.)
		These letters always come together though, and only one was sent this time.
		And the school always waits until the last minute to approve any course registrations; I mean, school starts <strong>*tomorrow*</strong>!
		I finally wrote to them asking about it, and instead of getting a response, I got the other course registration acceptance notification.
		I&apos;m not sure what they were doing before, but alerting them to the issue got them to fix the symptom.
		The underlying problem is no doubt still there though.
		The school is a mess.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="receipt">
	<h2>Bike lock receipt</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve been neglecting to take the new bike lock out of its packaging and start using it, but I wanted to hit the Cornbread Cafe between terms, and today was my last chance to do so.
		I opened the tin I&apos;d stashed the broken lock in, and in which I&apos;d put the new lock before leaving the bike shop, and I found the receipt for it in there.
		I was <strong>*certain*</strong> I&apos;d left the receipt at the bike shop when claiming the warrantee, but I guess I was mistaken.
		I still have it in case there&apos;s need for a future claim after all.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="ranch">
	<h2>Ranch dressing</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve managed to find vegan ranch dressing online, but never in stores.
		I asked one of the people at the cafe if they&apos;d be able to tell me where the cafe gets theirs, but it turns out they make it in-house.
		They also told me it&apos;s not to hard to make though, and told me to mix almond milk, vegan mayonnaise, onion powder, and garlic powder.
		I checked out some recipes online too, and they say about the same thing, but with parsley added.
		One recipe adds dill as well.
		I guess I&apos;ll try making my own soon, since it doesn&apos;t seem to be even remotely difficult.
		I&apos;ve never liked mayonnaise, so when I went vegan, I didn&apos;t even try vegan mayonnaise.
		This should be an interesting experiment, though I might wait until the credit card arrives to buy the supplies.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F04-April%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

