<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>Further modularization of Minetyst &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Further modularization of Minetyst</h1>
			<p>Day 00148: Sunday, 2015 August 02</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Tomorrow, my mother is heading out to Coos Bay to take a drug test and take care of some paperwork.
	Upon successfully passing the drug test, her acquisition of her new job should be finalized.
	The only real drug she uses is caffeine, so no worries there.
	She&apos;s never been a drug addict.
	She didn&apos;t even have alcohol until she was forty, and it didn&apos;t thrill her.
	Perhaps when she gets back, she&apos;ll have a date on when we are moving so I can put in notice with my work that I am leaving.
</p>
<p>
	After working with Minetyst some more, I&apos;ve come to the conclusion that I am going to have to move the main biome definitions to a new module from the main module.
	The problem is the incomplete tree definitions.
	Trees (or saplings) are needed during map generation to create the forests and jungles.
	Three of the five trees present in the main module do not have fruit or saplings.
	I could set up incomplete versions of the trees during mapgen, but that means that the later module that completes the trees will need to rewrite the tree definitions and fix them up.
	I could instead add the nodes needed to complete the trees, but that would blur the line between what belongs in the main module and what does not.
	If I am not careful, the main module will become a monolithic dumping ground for all random code that does not belong elsewhere, as default is to minetest_game.
	I do not want that.
	I think rather than try to shove the extra tree parts into the main module, pulling map generation work <strong>*out*</strong> of the main module will lead to greater chances of the success of the game.
</p>
<p>
	Unfortunately, I broke my money stamp today.
	I&apos;ll need to take a look at it when I have time and see if I want to try to work with the broken stamp or if I want to replace it.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

