<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>An offer from Marc with a C &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>An offer from Marc with a C</h1>
			<p>Day 00149: Monday, 2015 August 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Marc with a C has set up a bit of a silly offer.
	If you buy <strong>*something physical*</strong> from him right now, you&apos;ll get a bonus <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> thrown in, while supplies last.
	The silly part is that it has to be something physical, or you don&apos;t get the bonus album.
	I buy his digital work usually, which saves him money of physical <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> production and saves me time waiting for shipment, not to mention saving money on the shipment itself.
	This bonus album is said to contain twenty-five song covers, two of which are not available elsewhere at the moment.
	I haven&apos;t purchased any music in a while, and I&apos;m not against having a physical <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, though I don&apos;t really have a use for it, so I&apos;m taking him up on the offer.
	I want to get to bed though, so I&apos;m going to purchase his latest <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, <a href="https://maracwithac.bandcamp.com/album/exactly-where-i-am">Exactly Where I Am</a>, without listening to the songs first.
	I should wait until I have time to pick out one of his best albums to purchase, but I don&apos;t want to space it and forget or wait too long and have him run out of supplies.
</p>
<p>
	I listened to the album all day at work, and it was an enjoyable experience, though most of the songs didn&apos;t reach out and grab my attention.
	My one complaint is that the song files are way too quiet.
	With the sound turned all the way up, I couldn&apos;t make out the words with all the work noises around me.
	If I were to shuffle the songs in with other albums, the effect would be worse as I would need to turn the volume down to be able to stand the other songs.
	One song that was catchy was Bootwater Suite: The Right To Bear Arms, which is about murder but is catchy nonetheless.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of music, I found out last night that one of Brad Sucks&apos; albums is missing from my mobile.
	I was sure I had purchased all three.
	I checked my computer, and the album wasn&apos;t there either.
	Brad&apos;s download links expire too, so if I bought it and forgot to download it (or I downloaded it but lost it), I will need to purchase it again.
	However, the records on Brads&apos; website indicate that I never purchased it and my saved emails seem to indicate the same.
	I guess I just don&apos;t have his third album yet.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

