<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Sexism &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Sexism</h1>
			<p>Day 00152: Thursday, 2015 August 06</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I read an interesting article on the <a href="https://faculty.georgetown.edu/tannend/nyt062093.htm">markedness of people</a> this morning, and it fully supports what I have believed for a long time.
	Women are treated differently than men for no good reason.
	Women are expected to be fancy.
	Society doesn&apos;t like them being plain, though it doesn&apos;t care if us men are plain.
	The whole &quot;misses&quot;/&quot;miss&quot; prefix setup is idiotic as well.
	We men only have &quot;mister&quot;, so we don&apos;t have to reveal our marital status needlessly.
	The &quot;he&quot;/&quot;she&quot; setup is also quite stupid, though the article doesn&apos;t seem to think it is as stupid as I do.
	The problem the article states is that when the sex is unknown, you say &quot;he&quot;.
	You default to male.
	On the other hand, my problem is that there is a sex attached to the pronoun at all.
	When using a pronoun, why include the sex at all? It is as arbitrary as if we used different pronouns for each hair color or race.
</p>
<p>
	I took a trip with my mother to Coos Bay to unload some of her teaching supplies and tools at her new place of employment.
	It was fairly uneventful, and everything went smoothly.
	While I was in the area, I took my mobile out of airplane mode to check signal quality.
	I found that I had no signal at all all day, until I got near Springfield again.
	I don&apos;t know for sure if Straight Talk is disallowing connections from a device that was set up so far away (<abbr title="Zone Improvement Plan">ZIP</abbr> code discrimination or something) or if the T-Mobile network doesn&apos;t have towers in the area, but I&apos;m not sure it matters anyway.
	I was planning to let my service expire before the move, and was considering not starting it back up at the new place.
	Now is the perfect time to go back to life without a mobile.
	Even with the mobile only having a tablet connection, and therefor no telephone number for people to call and pester me at, it costs me every month and I&apos;m not sure it&apos;s really something I need.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

