<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>CDs from Marc With a C arrived today &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s from Marc With a C arrived today</h1>
			<p>Day 00157: Tuesday, 2015 August 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s arrived in the mail this morning! I didn&apos;t have them in hand until I was on my way to work though, so I took them with me in hopes of transferring the music from the bonus album to my mobile from the computer at work on my break.
	Before I had a chance to do that though, someone cracked the case on the bonus album! I had left the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s on the table, and someone moved them, apparently roughly.
	I&apos;m not sure who did it, but I am not amused.
</p>
<p>
	On my break, I tried transferring the music to my mobile, but it didn&apos;t go so well.
	First, the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>&apos;s contents seemed to be made up of &quot;.cda&quot; files, a file type I had never heard of.
	I wasn&apos;t sure if my mobile could even play them.
	Second, when I plugged my mobile into the computer, the computer couldn&apos;t figure out how to use <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr>, which is odd, considering that the computer at work runs Microsoft Windows and <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr> is a Microsoft protocol.
</p>
<p>
	Once I returned home, I put the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> into my own computer, and found that all the &quot;.cda&quot; files had been replaced with more familiar &quot;.wav&quot; files.
	While I don&apos;t have any experience with &quot;.wav&quot; files myself, I do remember seeing &quot;.wav&quot; on the list of music file types that Android (and therefor Replicant) can handle.
	If I couldn&apos;t convert to Vorbis, at least I could play them directly.
	However, the conversion process went smoothly and there was no need to transfer the larger &quot;.wav&quot; files to the mobile&apos;s limited-storage <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card.
	One thing to note is that the music from the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> has no meta data.
	When sorting my music, there is no way to know the song name, artist name, or even album name.
</p>
<p>
	I did some research to figure out what those &quot;.cda&quot; files were, and it turns out that they are files that don&apos;t exist on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> itself.
	Instead, Windows builds these files and displays them instead of the actual music files.
	They act as pointers to the tracks on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>, and if I had successfully copied them to my mobile, they wouldn&apos;t have been able to play because they do not contain any actual music data.
	As for the &quot;.wav&quot; files that my Debian machine shows me, they might not actually be on the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr> itself either.
	I&apos;m not sure that music <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s contain discreet files, and Debian may have just been showing me separate files as an abstraction to make the <abbr title="compact disc">CD</abbr>s contents make more sense.
	If that is the case, I like Debian&apos;s abstraction better than Windows&apos; abstraction, as Debian&apos;s is actually useful.
</p>
<p>
	I set up the code to grow pine trees from pine saplings in my Minetyst subgame, but there is a small problem.
	The Minetest engine doesn&apos;t seem to use ordinary, or even predictable, starting angles for the &quot;turtle&quot; used to build the trees.
	Sometimes Minetest uses an angle that aligns with the voxels of the game, but other times, it starts with a skewed angle that causes bizarre tree growth if you are trying to create a tree that blends in with the ones spawned by the v6 map generator.
	Sometimes snow will end up floating above more snow and the tree&apos;s trunk will become cleaved in two.
	To remedy this, I had to scrap the whole tree pattern and start over.
	The second time, I had the engine build the tree&apos;s center shaft, including the trunk and everything directly above it, first.
	I then had it go back and build the branches below.
	This time, the trees came out mostly bug-free, though there still is a problem where some of the leaves and snow spawn slightly-detached from the tree.
	I don&apos;t think this is avoidable though, due to the unpredictable &quot;turtle&quot; starting angles.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

