<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cat mints &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cat mints</h1>
			<p>Day 00159: Thursday, 2015 August 13</p>
		</header>
<p>
	One of the nodes requested by the Minetest engine is <code>default:nyancat</code>, a reference to the poptart cat meme.
	I&apos;m not really into memes though, so if I&apos;m building my own subgame, I don&apos;t want to include memes.
	I still want something rare and valuable to take the place of this node though, and I finally decided on one possibility: a plant with a reference to cats in its name.
	After looking at a few options, I decided the most feasible, as far as my drawing skills are concerned, was the flower of a cat mint plant.
	Cat mints are a group of plants named because of their effects on felines, the most well-known member of this group being catnip.
</p>
<p>
	I set cat mints to spawn once in about 1024 blocks but never more than once per map chunk.
	Additionally, they spawn only in air right above solid nodes, though they spawn both in caves and on the surface of the world.
	However, due to a flaw in the way I set up the randomization, I think the exact probability of a cat mint spawning is effected by the block size setting.
	if the Minetest <abbr title="application programming interface">API</abbr> works the way I think it does, then when the block size is set to five (the default setting), cat mints will spawn once in every 1000 blocks, which is the same frequency at which minetest_game&apos;s poptart cats spawn.
	THis means that cat mints are equally rare as poptart cats, but easier to locate.
	In order to make them even easier to locate for testing purposes, I set them to glow at maximum brightness so I could spot them quickly while flying through the ground.
	I like the effect though, so I might leave the glow in effect.
</p>
<p>
	I decided to move my home out of the tunnel and to another dungeon, this time closer to the spawn area.
	This one only spawns with a single room, and is never above ground, but at least the condition it is in is more dependable than the first dungeon I wanted, making it easier to plan around.
	The dungeon still isn&apos;t perfectly reliable though, and sometimes doesn&apos;t spawn at all.
	If it does spawn in the server world, I think I&apos;m going to build a house on top of it and have the dungeon room be the basement.
</p>
<p>
	Near my proposed hose location spawns one of the new cat mints, right on the cliff overlooking the nearby frozen river! Sometimes the cat mint instead spawns <strong>*in the middle of*</strong> the frozen river, but it&apos;s always somewhere near by and easy to find.
	A second cat mint spawns just across the river and is visible from the location of the first.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

