<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cat mint spawning is fixed &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cat mint spawning is fixed</h1>
			<p>Day 00161: Saturday, 2015 August 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;ve decided to keep my mobile service for the time being.
	I don&apos;t know if I&apos;ll have daily Internet access during the move in a few days otherwise.
	I want to be able to keep up my daily Esperanto practice, and I can&apos;t do that if I can&apos;t reach the Internet.
	Using the language-learning website on a mobile has proven to be a pain, but if it comes down to it, it will be better than nothing.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;m going to have to re-factor my Minetyst subgame quite a bit, so I&apos;ve decided to close down my Minetest server and start Eschalot back up.
	I need to finish setting up nodes that the engine requests, but then I need to go through and trim out unneeded nodes from the games main module.
	I&apos;ll keep the nodes, but they need to be moved to other modules to keep the main module as close to slim as it can possibly be, given that it has to be fat to make sure everything that the engine needs is included.
</p>
<p>
	My bicycle&apos;s tires have gone flat.
	I tried pumping them back up, but it seems that only one of the tires will hold air for an extended period of time.
	I&apos;ll need to get my hands on an inner tube, preferably before moving.
	For now, by bicycle is out of commission.
</p>
<p>
	I fixed the spawning algorithm for cat mints in Minetyst so spawning frequency shouldn&apos;t be effected by map chunk size, as long as chunk size is kept below eleven.
	When chunk size is below eleven, cat mints should now spawn once in about every 1024 blocks, but never more than once bur chunk.
	However, when chunk size is above 10, cat mint spawning becomes more rare.
	At that point, they will spawn in every chunk, but only once per chunk, and the number of blocks in a chunk will be above the 1024 threshold.
	Chunk size really shouldn&apos;t be set that high though probably, and at least now cat mints can&apos;t be made spawn <strong>*more*</strong> frequently by messing with the map chunk size setting.
	Now if people want more cat mints to spawn, they&apos;re going to have to actually modify the code.
	Needless to say, both of the cat mints near my house have vanished because of this update.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

