<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cricket Wireless has some lose wires in their system &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cricket Wireless has some lose wires in their system</h1>
			<p>Day 00164: Tuesday, 2015 August 18</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I was looking into Cricket Wireless service just after midnight, and found that their annoying $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> activation fee aplies only if you place your order in-store.
	If you instead order online, there is no activation fee and shipping is gratis.
	While I&apos;m pressed for time and don&apos;t want to wait for the device to be shipped, as it may reach my home after I have already moved, I decided to order online anyway to avoid the fee.
	Furthermore, instead of ordering a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card, I ordered a full device.
	Whether I like it or not, these devices are heavily subsidized.
	I&apos;ll be paying for one of these devices in the form of service charges, whether I have them actually send me a device or not.
	Actually getting the device cost me an extra $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, but the way I see it, it keeps more money out of their hands than it takes from mine, and Cricket is a part of AT&amp;T, one of the more evil carriers.
	After placing the order, I went to bed for the night.
</p>
<p>
	When I got up, there was no change yet in the order.
	I went to work, and anxiously waited to get off work so I could check on the order.
	Once I got home, I found bad news in my email inbox.
	Cricket had canceled my order! They claimed it was because they couldn&apos;t &quot;verify my information&quot;, but I checked with Discover, and they had verified my information well enough to charge my card! The only information they had asked for was my billing information, and if my billing information had not been correct, Discover would not have allowed the charge to go through.
	Cricket claimed that they did not charge my card, though I assume what they really mean is that they will refund the money that they did charge, as the charge does show up in my Discover account.
	Furthermore, they claim that to place a new order, I will need to do so in-person and show my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
	Not only will placing the order in-person mean that I will have to pay their ridiculous $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> activation fee, but if <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> is required, the task is impossible.
	Yst Dawson has a valid billing address thanks to Discover, but he is not recognized as a person by the government, and therefore cannot legally have state-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	I tried contacting Cricket support, but they were not able to tell me anything of use.
	The first support representative I dealt with said that I needed to call their support telephone line for answers as to why the order was canceled.
	I explained that as Cricket canceled the order and did not send the device, I had no telephone or line with which to call support with.
	He told me again later to call that same number, and I had to repeat the fact that until Cricket sent a device and activated a line, I could not call any numbers.
	He told me to contact Web support again tomorrow and maybe there would be answers then.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to place the order again, but when placing an order without an account, an account is created.
	The canceled order was attached to the account that had my user name.
	I couldn&apos;t place a new order because the website will not allow me to log into the account until the line is activated, but the line can never be activated because the order for it had been canceled.
	For that reason, I was unable to use that account to place an order.
	At the same time though, I was unable to place the order from outside the account because a new account would need to be created during the order process, and my user name was already taken.
</p>
<p>
	Once again, I contacted support about the issue.
	The representative claimed that the order had not in fact been canceled, and that instead, the order was still in progress.
	Either the email to me or the interface she was looking at was wrong! Something in the Cricket system is out of synchronization.
	I decided it would be best to check back in with the support team tomorrow to see if any changes are visible on their end at that point.
</p>
<p>
	I picked up the new inner tube for my bicycle tonight just before heading off to bed, so hopefully I can get it installed on the bike tomorrow morning.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

