<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Feedback for Cricket Wireless &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Feedback for Cricket Wireless</h1>
			<p>Day 00167: Friday, 2015 August 21</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Cricket Wireless sent me a survey asking me to rate my experience in becoming a customer.
	They asked me to rate the likelihood that I would recommend Cricket to a friend or family member, my satisfaction with the representative that I bought the line of service from, and the ease of doing business with Cricket, all on a scale of one to ten.
	I rated my likelihood of recommending Cricket and the ease of doing business with Cricket at one, due to their website canceling my orders, their support representatives not being knowledgeable as to even why they were canceled, and them making me place the order in person and charging me a $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> fee for doing so.
	The in-person representative wasn&apos;t too bad though, so I rated my satisfaction with him at a nine.
	I docked him that one point for initially trying to card me, but other than that, I have no complaints with him.
	Lastly, I was asked to provide additional feedback.
	I took that opportunity to tell Cricket why I had left negative feedback on the two questions and also told them that I was recommending to everyone I know that they choose MetroPCS instead.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I signed up for Cricket&apos;s odd reward program.
	I&apos;m not going to do anything on their list of ways to earn rewards that I wasn&apos;t already going to do, but I may end up earning something with points I end up with just by being a customer.
	The rewards program sign up site is a bit broken though.
	First, it tries to auto-detect your location based on your <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address.
	If id decides you aren&apos;t in an area they serve, they don&apos;t let you continue.
	However, if it decides that you <strong>*are*</strong> in an area it serves, it asks you for your <abbr title="Zone Improvement Plan">ZIP</abbr> code.
	If it&apos;s going to ask you for your <abbr title="Zone Improvement Plan">ZIP</abbr> code, why does it first auto-detect your location? I think this is just another example of Cricket&apos;s incompetence.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

