<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Knock &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Knock</h1>
			<p>Day 00169: Sunday, 2015 August 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I pestered Cricket Wireless again today, and they still seem to be under the mistaken impression that Discovered canceled the transactions for my order.
	I tried to speak with Discover support in another window while Cricket support was still with me, but Discover live support was not available at the moment.
	Instead, I let Cricket support leave and sent an on-site letter to Discover asking for help.
	I asked that they please look as throughly as possible at the transaction to make sure there were no fraud alerts on their side, then asked if there was a way to prove to a stubborn merchant that the fraud alert was not on Discover&apos;s side of the transaction.
	Discover has only marked one of my transactions as fraud in the past, and it was only because PayPal was doing something hokey.
	The symptoms of the fraud alert were an email from Discover and my Discover card getting locked up for a few days.
	Neither happened this time, leading me to believe that the Discover representative I spoke with was right: Discover does not suspect the transaction as fraud and would have allowed the transaction to process if Cricket had followed through.
	The issue is on Cricket&apos;s side, and until they admit it, I will not let them hear the end of it.
</p>
<p>
	Josh Woodward released a new song, <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/song/Knock">Knock</a>, a song about hesitation and fear of what might be lost if one acts.
	But when one doesn&apos;t act, much more might be lost instead.
	At the end of the song, the narrator sucks it up and takes a chance.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been a bit too busy to mention it, but speaking of songs, I&apos;ve been enjoying several songs on Marc With a C&apos;s cover album, even if all the track names are missing.
	You&apos;ll have to pick up a copy yourself if you want to hear what&apos;s on it though, it&apos;s not available for download.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve come to the conclusion that building an Esperanto-based Minetest subgame isn&apos;t worth the effort for the time being.
	For one thing, the Minetest engine cannot properly handle the accented characters.
	I thought I had that issue fixed, but it seems I only had it fixed in the context of mouseover text, both in-world and in-inventory.
	However, any messages sent via the chat interface still have the issue.
	I can&apos;t type accented characters into the chat form, something that I though I could work around by implementing an x-encoding converter.
	We would type using the x-encoding system, but then the game would convert it to use the proper accents.
	However, messages from the server have been coming out unreadable when accents are used.
	My guess is that messages from players would be no different.
	Until the engine has better support for Unicode, an Esperanto-based game simply is not feasible.
</p>
<p>
	To add to the issue, I sort of want this subgame to see some use on servers besides my own.
	I want people to get involved and help me build it as well.
	The Minetest community is a mostly English-speaking community, so the best chance I have at getting some interest in it is to just use English.
	It&apos;s disappointing to me, but I think working in English is the best option for Minetyst.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that Minetest 0.4.13 has been released! As I expected, aiming for Minetest 0.4.13 was the right move as far as Minetyst development.
	I&apos;m still far from finished, so had I aimed for Minetest 0.4.12 comparability instead, I&apos;d be even further behind.
</p>
<p>
	Discover got back to me.
	Once again, they assert that they are not the ones doing this.
	Cricket is.
	I will speak with Cricket support again tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

