<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>Minetyst map generation &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Minetyst map generation</h1>
			<p>Day 00172: <time>Wednesday, 2015 August 26</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I currently have all liquid-related node names used by the Minetest engine aliased to the <code>unknown</code> node.
	This allows me to move on and work with other parts of the game while I contemplate what to do about the five liquid sources I&apos;m supposedly supposed to provide without having the engine yell at me about missing nodes.
	This shouldn&apos;t have effected the surface of the v5 and v7 minetest worlds though, as they use biome-specific water nodes.
	Or at least they seem to at first.
	While I haven&apos;t seen this in the v5 map generator, the v7 map generator uses both the biome-specific water node as well as the v6 map generator&apos;s <code>mapgen_water_source</code> node.
	I can only see one reasonable course of action: alias <code>mapgen_water_source</code> to some non-water node, use it as a feature to spawn this sort-of-rare node into the game, and target the v7 map generator as the preferred map generator of the Minetyst subgame.
	This will of course totally trash the maps generated using the Minetyst subgame with the V6 map generator.
	I may need to build separate parameters for use for each map generator to make each one function as well as possible.
</p>
<p>
	I spoke with Cricket support again, who still claims that Discover reversed the charge to my card and that that is the reason they cancelled my order.
	Discover did no such thing though.
	I have now requested that Cricket Wireless charge $ 5 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> to my card and use that as payment toward my next bill.
	If it goes through, I&apos;ll know that they likely no longer have a problem with my card, and if it does not, I will need to argue with them about how going into a store did not resolve the issues that they said it would.
	In either case, I will continue to ping Cricket support until they give me answers about why they wouldn&apos;t allow me to place my order online or give me a refund for the extra $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> fee I had to pay because of their incompetence.
</p>
<p>
	We have found a new house to move into in Coos Bay finally! We are likely to move there on Friday.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

