<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>A lost mobile &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A lost mobile</h1>
			<p>Day 00173: Thursday, 2015 August 27</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spoke with Cricket support yet again, and they now claim my account (the one that placed the order, not the one that now has active service) has been deleted, so they can no longer look into the matter.
	I was told it would be months before that was deleted.
	Had I known it would be deleted so soon, assuming it was really deleted at all, I would have waited to pick a user name for this account so I could have my correct user name.
	In any case, it seems like it&apos;s too late to get any information from Cricket.
	However, this does not stop me from wasting their time daily until they admit they are in the wrong and give me my $25 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> back.
	I will continue pestering them daily over the next year or two that I am in Coos Bay unable to switch and use T-Mobile&apos;s towers.
	Unless something noteworthy happens though, I see no more need to write about Cricket&apos;s failing support team here in my weblog.
	I have begun pestering Cricket publicly on Twitter though, so perhaps that will light a fire under them to get a move on and fix their broken system.
</p>
<p>
	It appears that some people are putting together a high-end, almost-free laptop! It&apos;s blocked by CloudFlare, so I don&apos;t have the details, but I wish them success.
	We need more freedom in the computing world.
</p>
<p>
	I found a mobile device on my way home from the credit union today.
	I managed to pull the contacts off it, hoping to use the contacts to reach out to someone that could help me find the device&apos;s owner.
	Seeing as one of the contacts was labeled &quot;Mommy&quot; and one was labeled &quot;Daddy&quot;, I&apos;m guessing a child dropped the thing.
	No email addresses for these two people were available, so I looked up the carrier associated with the telephone numbers of these contacts, and found them to be Cricket customers.
	I looked up the address of Cricket&apos;s <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> gateway, and sent both parents a message saying I had the device and asking where they wanted me to bring it to.
	It took a while to get a response, and &quot;Mommy&quot; ended up coming to my house to pick it up, but at leas the device should be making it back to its owner now.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

