<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/28.xhtml"/>
		<title>Move postponed, hopefully only for a day &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/28.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/28.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/27.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/29.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Move postponed, hopefully only for a day</h1>
			<p>Day 00174: Friday, 2015 August 28</p>
		</header>
<p>
	We ended up not moving today due to legal complications involving custody.
	My mother has custody of my younger two siblings by court order, but my father is trying to get that revoked and keep them here.
	So instead of us moving, my mother instead had to deal with paperwork.
	It sounds like we&apos;re moving a big chunk of our stuff to the new house tomorrow though.
	There is a strong possibility that we won&apos;t have Internet access just yet, and we haven&apos;t yet sold our current house, so I&apos;ll leave the server here for now.
	That means that I may not be able to update this journal any time soon.
	The setup with this server requires that I be on the same local network as the server in order to do anything that required administrative access.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been thinking about how the Minetyst subgame will need tweaks to make it function as well as it can with each map generator, and I&apos;ve come to the conclusion that perhaps each map generator should have a module that tailors map generation parameters to fit well with it.
	These modules will of course each define their own map generator aliases, among other things.
	Obviously, each of these four modules should not reinvent the wheel by defining the same set of nodes, so they would be moved to their own module.
	With the map generator aliases being defined separately from the nodes themselves though, what is there to bind all those nodes to together in the same module? Instead, all those nodes could be moved into more-logically grouped sets of nodes to become their own separate plugins.
	The main module, the one defining the hand, character texture, the sound effects, and other very basic things, could become incredibly light-weight.
</p>
<p>
	This may not be the best idea though, as it leaves map generation code placement in a bit of predicament.
	Either fancy additions to map generation that go above and beyond the basic requirements will need to be defined in these new map generator-specific modules, causing dependency issues that defeat the purpose of modularity, or modules that add fancy nodes that are placed during map generation time will need to account for every map generator themselves, in which case what was the point of setting up modules specific to each map generator? No, on second thought, having these map generator-specific modules is a bad idea.
	Until a point in which the v6 map generator is brought up to speed with the v5 and v7 map generator as far as biome compatibility is concerned, hacky workarounds will be needed, and they will need to be included separately in any module that alter map generation in any meaningful way.
</p>
<p>
	I created a set of symbols to put on the top of my Minetest tunnel entrances to label which directions can be traveled from each entrance.
	Unfortunately, the original cool-looking symbols were too detailed, and didn&apos;t show up well on the game&apos;s new mini map when zoomed out.
	I massively simplified them, and now they don&apos;t look quite as good, but the clarity on the mini map is worth it.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F28.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

