<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>First day in the new house &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>First day in the new house</h1>
			<p>Day 00175: Saturday, 2015 August 29</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Just in case I would have Internet access at some point before moving the server to the new house, I set up my Tor instance running on my server to allow access to my ssh port.
	I&apos;m a bit nervous about opening my ssh server to access from outside the local network, but this is the best chance I have at keeping my site somewhat up-to-date during the transition to my new home.
</p>
<p>
	I also purchased three albums in celebration of finding a home in Coos Bay.
	First on my list is <a href="https://elemint.bandcamp.com/album/poet-tree">Poet Tree</a>, an album I&apos;ve been wanting just for one song it contains: Guerrilla Music.
	It&apos;s one of my favorite songs, but I lost it when I lost all my computer data in February.
	The second is <a href="https://floraverse.bandcamp.com/album/see-you-later">See you later</a>, an album sold under the name &quot;glitched puppet&quot;.
	I think glitched puppet is just an alias of PK, but I haven&apos;t asked.
	The album is composed of music that is better used in animated scenes than for general purpose listening, but I&apos;ve been wanting to support PK and the Floraverse team for a while, this is a way to do it, and most of the songs are pretty listenable.
	The third album is <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com/album/geekotica">Geekotica</a>, an album by Professor Shyguy.
	Professor Shyguy uses an interesting combination of chiptune and vocals that I like in his work.
	After listening to this album, my favorite track is My Simple Pop Song.
	Something seems to be up with the cover art on this one though.
	For some reason, my Replicant device can&apos;t read the file.
	However, opening the file up in the <abbr title="GNU Image Manipulation Program">GIMP</abbr> and converting it to a <abbr title="Portable Network Graphic">PNG</abbr> both fixed the issue and lowered the file size.
	The Replicant loads this album cover faster than most of the others after the conversion, leading me to believe that Replicant either does better with <abbr title="Portable Network Graphic">PNG</abbr>s than <abbr title="Joint Photographic Experts Group">JPEG</abbr>s or does better with smaller file sizes.
	I tried to buy these all in a single order, but PayPal didn&apos;t want to do that.
	Instead, it split each album into a separate order, saying that because each album came from a different artist, I would need to pay them each separately.
	I don&apos;t have a problem with this, but it means the credit card company got to charge PayPal seperatly for each order, likely resulting in higher fees paid by PayPal.
	Aside from splitting the order, PayPal also declined my card again.
	I&apos;m not sure what PayPal and Cricket Wireless have against me and my credit card, but at least after enough tries, PayPal usually accepts my card eventually, as was the case this time.
</p>
<p>
	A storm took out the power at my old house, which still houses the server, early this morning before I finally got to bed.
	Luckily, we didn&apos;t leave until later, so I was able to start the server back up before we left.
</p>
<p>
	On the way to the new house, we stopped at a park, where a poor snake had been stabbed through the head with a thick metal wire.
	Using a stick, I was able to pull the snake off the wire, freeing it.
	I figured that removing the wire would either cause the snake to bleed out, which would have been a quicker and more merciful death than leaving it there to slowly die and be unable to defend itself from predators, or the snake would be able to escape and live on.
	There&apos;s no way the snake ended up in that situation on its own though.
	Someone must have stabbed that snake through the head with the wire and staked it to the ground.
	Why would anyone do that?
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> did not chirp today, as I had no Internet access on my laptop.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

