<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>Exploring town a bit &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/08-August/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/08-August/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/09-September/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Exploring town a bit</h1>
			<p>Day 00177: <time>Monday, 2015 August 31</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	We didn&apos;t have a whole lot of time to explore, due to how deep we are in the residential area combined with the fact that we had to be back by noon so our mother could get my younger siblings registered for school and we could help her set up her classroom.
	We did stop by a drug store, a grocery store, a discount store, and the local mall though.
</p>
<p>
	At the drug store, many of the prices were dropped if you were a tracking-card-carrying member.
	They&apos;ve come up with a method to make sure you actually allow them to track you with their card system as well.
	In other stores that I&apos;ve seen, the only thing that is done as far as lowered prices for members is that if you have or get a card, you are charged the lower price.
	This means that if you don&apos;t want to be tracked, all you have to do is register a new card every time you visit, something most people don&apos;t care enough to do.
	But if they did care about being tracked, they would have an easy way out without paying higher prices.
	However, this drug store did things in a more manipulative way.
	For some products, they required that at least a certain amount of money, more than you&apos;d ever spend in one trip, have already been spent using that tracking card.
	If you didn&apos;t have a tracking card that had been used that much, you were charged the same amount as if you were refusing to be tracked.
</p>
<p>
	The grocery store has the B vitamin drinks I need in order to avoid getting headaches.
	The discount store seemed to have the protein bars I need to avoid muscle loss, though I only saw one and only on our way out.
	Hopefully they keep those in stock regularly.
	With those two items, being vegan in this city should be fairly comfortable.
	I&apos;m not really a health nut, so all I have to do is just avoid animal products and supplement protein and B vitamins.
</p>
<p>
	The local mall didn&apos;t have much of interest, but did have a shop and a couple stands representing the mobile carriers that service the area.
	Much to my surprise, both major United States <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr> carriers serve customers here.
	I thought foSr sure that because T-Mobile wasn&apos;t in this area that Sprint must not be either.
	I decided to check out the AT&amp;T store, just in case their prices were lower than Cricket&apos;s.
	I figured they would not be, as Cricket is AT&amp;T&apos;s bargain brand.
	However, AT&amp;T&apos;s price per month is $15 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> less per month than Cricket, $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> less than a Cricket plan using the auto-pay credit.
	AT&amp;T is not my first choice in carriers, seeing as they are evil, but I&apos;m going to have to be paying them either way for the time being.
	I might as well be paying them less and be able to pay them in person instead of with a credit card over the Internet.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve already paid Cricket five dollars of next month&apos;s service fee to test their handling of my card, which unfortunately, they seem to be able to do now that I paid their ridiculous in-person ordering fee.
	I think it was all a ruse to get me to pay them extra.
	In any case, once I have Internet service again, I need to talk to Cricket and get them to reverse that fee so I can leave.
	If they refuse, I&apos;ll talk to Discover and get them to reverse the charge.
	Discover already knows that I&apos;m having troubles with Cricket, so it shouldn&apos;t be too hard to get a small five dollar charge from them reversed.
</p>
<p>
	I am cut off from the Internet tonight, and cannot update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">warrant canary</a>.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F08-August%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

