<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Surgery, round 2 &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Surgery, round 2</h1>
			<p>Day 01033: Wednesday, 2018 January 03</p>
		</header>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Dental work</h2>
	<p>
		Supposedly, it was only supposed to take me half an hour to get to the dentists&apos; office in Eugene by bike if I didn&apos;t get lost again or held up.
		I gave myself a full hour to get there though, just to be safe.
		I considered bringing my laptop to work on coursework during the half-hour waiting period, but decided I&apos;d just use that time to rest and mentally prepare myself.
		My mobile&apos;s been getting worse, and now the screen won&apos;t stop turning on and off.
		That makes it a pain to work with when I&apos;m trying to use it, but also means that the thing can&apos;t hold a charge, as the screen won&apos;t stay off for any length of time.
		Without my mobile, I had no timekeeper on my way there.
		Once I arrived, I asked the receptionist for the time, and I found I&apos;d only gotten there ten minutes before my scheduled appointment.
		I don&apos;t know who programs the time-estimating functionality for these mapping programs, but it could really use some work.
	</p>
	<p>
		So the dental assistant comes to get me shortly after I&apos;ve checked in, and explains that the roots don&apos;t always actually have to be removed.
		I might just be sent home.
		That said, there&apos;s no radiograph of the situation in my mouth from after the last surgery, as no one ever took one afterwards.
		They need to take a radiograph, let the surgeon look at it, and let them decide if any work needs to be done.
		They ask if I want to have the surgery, if needed, today.
		Um.
		Yeah?
		I was told I was scheduling an appointment for surgery, not an appointment to see if I needed surgery on a later date.
		Of course I want to get this done!
		They asked me if I have any heart problems, liver problems, kidney problems, et cetera.
		I thought to myself, &quot;Does having rainbows in my heart count as a heart problem?&quot;.
		I didn&apos;t say that out loud though; of course that&apos;s not a heart problem; while it&apos;s up for debate whether it qualifies as a problem at all, it&apos;s a brain issue, not a heart issue.
		The assistant takes the image, takes a look, and without the surgeon having seen it yet, says that yeah, the roots do have to come out after all.
		The original dentist knew what they were talking about when they referred me.
	</p>
	<p>
		The oral surgeon comes in and checks it out, and decides that there are options.
		They explain that in cases where that much of the roots are left, there are usually problems.
		They don&apos;t always happen right away; it might be three years before the roots start causing me issues; but there&apos;s a high chance that these roots will need to be extracted eventually.
		I can hold off on the surgery, getting it if an when needed.
		Or I can get the surgery now, and not worry about it later.
		My gums have partly healed over by now because we waited too long; this was no fault of my own, but the combined fact that the other dental office never contacted me like they said they would and that the surgeon was on vacation by the time I got the necessary information, and needed to return before performing any procedures.
		My guess is that the surgeon would need to cut into my gums further, reversing the healing a bit, if done today.
		If I waited, it&apos;d be a whole new injury and whole new healing process.
		Waiting seemed like a terrible idea.
		I asked about the nerve near the tooth roots and what the dentist had likely been worried about.
		It turns out that if the nerve there is damaged, a section of my face will go numb.
		Depending on the level of damage, the numbness will go away when the swelling goes down, but it could be permanent.
		I could end up with a permanent numb patch on my face near my lip.
		They assured me it wouldn&apos;t affect my use of the lip though, nor would it impact my appearance.
		I guess those are the things that matter.
		They said the likelihood of damage was low though, as the nerve didn&apos;t look like it&apos;d be in their way when operating.
	</p>
	<p>
		The surgeon tried to remove the roots without drilling, but like the dentist, was unable to.
		They ended up drilling away at the bone to open up space to get the tooth roots out.
		I now have two stitches on that side as well.
	</p>
	<p>
		In a week&apos;s time, I have an appointment to return so they can check on the healing process.
		They said if I&apos;m feeling well, I can telephone them, let them know I&apos;m fine, and cancel the appointment.
		I told them a couple times I don&apos;t have telephone service, but it bounced right off them.
		They insist I should track down someone that <strong>*does*</strong> have telephone service and borrow it.
		Um.
		No.
		Not going to happen.
		I&apos;ll just go in for the appointment, no matter what sort of weather I have to deal with to get there.
		(Speaking of which, today&apos;s weather was great for a bike ride!
		The appointment, even if I was willing to call it off at the last minute, prevents the scheduling of my next operative appointment for a bit.
		I&apos;ll need to get a few cavities filled when I can though.
	</p>
	<p>
		As a side note, the surgeon asked me how to pronounce my name.
		I explained, and they said that&apos;s what they&apos;d guessed it was.
		Assuming the surgeon was being honest, they are probably the first person besides myself to have either actually thought it through or immediately realised that the wye has to be a <strong>*vowel*</strong> in my name, as no other vowels are present.
		As a vowel, it can&apos;t make its consonant sound.
		Most people try to have the wye make both its consonant sound <strong>*and*</strong> its vowel sound, but there&apos;s only one wye; it can&apos;t do both.
		I&apos;m Alex Yst, not Alex Yyst!
		I regret though not asking the surgeon how they thought it was pronounced before telling them; I&apos;ll never know if they were just trying to make it sound like my name&apos;s spelling was reasonable or if they actually can read unrecognised words better than the average person.
		I didn&apos;t even think to ask about their guess, as no one else has ever gotten it right.
		In the future, I should try to get people to guess before telling them.
	</p>
	<p>
		I still feel pretty good today.
		I don&apos;t seem to be having the severe day zero mood, energy, and physical pain issues I had for the past two surgeries.
		Well, I&apos;m drained energy-wise, but not nearly as badly as before.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>University of Drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		I had a lot to finish up today, seeing as having to build my own assembler took up so much of my time.
		I had discussion posts, grading, and quizzes to finish ...
		I haven&apos;t had time to complete the unit&apos;s reading materials yet, so I had to take the graded quiz half blind.
		I&apos;ll finish the reading material tomorrow.
		As such, I&apos;ll also finish the learning journal assignments tomorrow.
		I also had to put the finishing touches on the main assignment for the week today.
	</p>
	<p>
		I wasn&apos;t too concerned with needing to finish this week&apos;s unit tomorrow and losing that day from next unit because of the structure of these courses and the current timing.
		The next unit is the eighth, and only once have I even been assigned anything more than discussion assignments and learning journal assignments during the eight unit of any course at this school.
		And that once that I was, it was a big essay that turned out (after I&apos;d poured a bunch of effort into it) not to be graded.
		The reason for the lack of big assignments is because of the structure of the courses.
		The big assignments are peer-graded during the unit after they&apos;re due, and the ninth unit has nothing but the final exam.
		As there&apos;s no peer grading going on in the ninth unit, there can&apos;t be any big assignments during the eighth unit.
		Taking a week at next unit&apos;s materials this time though ...
		There&apos;re no discussion assignments!
		All I have to do is read and take my usual notes in the form of a learning journal entry.
		Seeing that, I rested from the surgery instead of focusing on catching up.
		This coming week will be nothing.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m going to have a bit of a break from school coming up soon.
		I should take that time to look for a job, if I&apos;m up for it.
		It&apos;d be just lovely on several levels to be able to leave behind the job I have now.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

