<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Nextdoor &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Nextdoor</h1>
			<p>Day 01036: Saturday, 2018 January 06</p>
		</header>
<section id="social">
	<h2>Social media</h2>
	<p>
		I was invited to join a neighbourhood-based social network today called <a href="https://nextdoor.com/invite/xgwwbpfkjthgnpbgmbgf">Nextdoor</a>.
		I figured I&apos;d check it out, see that there was some problem (such as <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address discrimination, which some providers engage in, or noxious demands for photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>, like Facebook engages in), but the only real problem I&apos;m seeing is that it requires JavaScript for anything at all besides a blank page to render.
		Clearly, the site&apos;s poorly designed, but I don&apos;t think it has any malicious features at the moment.
		It does have address verification though.
		You seem to need an invite code to get on.
		Without one, you can join, but it might require verifying a code they send you after you provide your address.
		I&apos;m not too concerned with that type of thing though; I&apos;m not hiding.
		I probably won&apos;t use the site much while school is in session, as flipping JavaScript off (to use the university website) and on (to use Nextdoor) will be a pain, but I might check it out more between terms.
		It&apos;s got listings for yard sales and and individual items for sale, so it could come in handy when I&apos;m looking for stuff.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="domains">
	<h2>Domain name consideration</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m thinking about getting another domain name for use exclusively for <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-shortening.
		For example, my referral link for that new social network I&apos;m on is long and looks like gobbledegook.
		In person, it&apos;d be nice to have a shorter representation that&apos;d redirect to the proper page.
		I don&apos;t want that sort of thing built into my main website or any subdomain of my main domain; I want the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s that use my main domain to be mostly permanent (for the duration of my own life span, anyway), while I can easily see a reason I&apos;d take down a shortened redirect eventually.
	</p>
	<p>
		There are things to consider when choosing a domain though.
		How much am I willing to pay (yearly) for this side domain?
		How nice of a domain do I want it to be?
		These two I guess are the main things to think about.
		Lowering the price lowers the quality of the domain, while raising the quality will raise the price.
		At one end of the spectrum, I have the domains under my <a href="/en/URI_research/best_ccTLDs.xhtml">five favourite <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s</a>.
		Of these, <code>//st.</code> is the least expensive, while the others provide equal or lesser service of a higher price.
		At the other end, we have domains under the <code>//tk.</code> <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>, which is a perfectly valid <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, but has a bad reputation due to the low-quality content its zero-dollar price tag attracts.
		Also, if you choose not to pay for a domain name there, they have the right to revoke your name at any time with or without reason, and certain extra rules are imposed on you.
		In the middle, we have paid domains, most of the ones in this quality level being under <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>s.
		Some <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s exist at this level too, though if I don&apos;t go with a <code>//st.</code> name, I&apos;m probably either trying to save money or trying to use a <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> I think people will recognise.
		Speaking of which, that&apos;s another point to consider: the recognisability of the <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> I choose.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>University drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		I set aside my available time today to complete the reading assignment in one of my courses.
		It&apos;s worth noting that the reading assignment in the other course is not accessible because the server it&apos;s hosted on maliciously discriminates against certain <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses.
		I have tested and confirmed this.
		However, I&apos;m playing dumb about it a bit in class because people get weird and blame us proxy users instead of blaming those actually causing the problem: those that maliciously discriminate against proxy users.
		Anyway, it&apos;s not likely I&apos;ll be able to complete that reading assignment, though if a fellow student offers me a copy of the text (for example, that they download and rehost elsewhere), I&apos;ll happily take the time to read it and learn the material.
		I&apos;m way too apathetic about my coursework to jump through any major hoops though or even to ask for help.
		I&apos;ve expressed in the class forum that the server refuses to send me the file and I&apos;ve expressed a concern that the material might be on the exam and I won&apos;t know that material.
		If someone feels like helping, I&apos;ll certainly be thankful, but I&apos;m not going to sweat it if no one offers.
		Especially this week.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

