<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Irrational fear and the itching &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Irrational fear and the itching</h1>
			<p>Day 01039: <time>Tuesday, 2018 January 09</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="irrational">
	<h2>Irrational fear</h2>
	<p>
		Late last night as I was trying to get to sleep, I had a sudden fear that I wouldn&apos;t get everything done on time at the university.
		Where did that even come from?
		I was slightly <strong>*ahead*</strong> of schedule!
		Anyway, I ended up staying up late to study and them take the four quizzes I had left to do.
		So now I&apos;m done, other than my learning journal assignments.
		On these open-ended ones though, I like to include my final exam thoughts in the final entry, which means I won&apos;t be able to finish my learning journal entries for about another two days, and I&apos;ll have to turn them in at the last minute.
		I&apos;ve doubled checked, and they&apos;re due just after the final exam period begins, so I can do as planned without there being any late submission issues.
	</p>
	<p>
		Come to think of it, this is particularly simple because of the lack of proctored exams in these courses.
		In the proctored courses I took so far, we didn&apos;t have these open-ended learning journal assignments, but if I ever end up in a course with both proctored exams and open-ended learning journal assignments, I&apos;m going to be racing against the clock.
	</p>
	<p>
		With all that I can get done done, I pretty much have tomorrow off until around 21:00, when the final exam period opens.
		Well, I have it off from school and work, anyway.
		I still need to make it to a dental appointment in the Eugene office, go to the Springfield office to set up my next appointment, and try to visit my mother again.
		It helps that the route I take to and from the Eugene office leads right past the Springfield office.
		Come to think of it, I&apos;d also like to get my rainbow heart tee-shirt repaired tomorrow.
		I&apos;ve been putting that off for so long, so I haven&apos;t been able to wear it.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dream">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I was looking at my most recent pay cheque, and it was for less than one hundred dollars.
		That couldn&apos;t be right.
		I tried looking into the cause on my credit card bill, because apparently in the dream, my credit card bill was deducted directly from my pay cheques.
		What I found was that my last surgery wasn&apos;t covered by my insurance.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="itching">
	<h2>The itching</h2>
	<p>
		My arm started getting really itchy today after I got home from my usual Tuesday errands.
		At first, I couldn&apos;t figure out what was going on, but this is probably the beginnings of a reaction to the amoxicillin.
		The time frame matches up.
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/30.xhtml">It&apos;s been about ten days since I quit taking the stuff.</a>
		Currently, it&apos;s only my lower left arm and my right shoulder that are affected, so hopefully it doesn&apos;t get any worse.
		But it will.
		Scratch that.
		Now it&apos;s got my lower right leg and my the side of my left hand as well.
		My appointment with the surgeon is tomorrow.
		Wouldn&apos;t that be just lovely if I were covered in hives by then?
		Joy.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="wrappers">
	<h2>Sandwich wrappers</h2>
	<p>
		I stopped at Subway for a sandwich on my way home.
		I didn&apos;t notice until I was about to head to work, but in addition to the inner paper, they wrapped it in no less than <strong>*six*</strong> of the usual outer paper.
		What were they thinking!?
		I wonder if there&apos;s something I could do with these extra wrappers.
		It seems like a waste just to recycle them, but that&apos;s probably what I&apos;m going to do.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="schedule">
	<h2>Scheduling</h2>
	<p>
		As I was getting ready to go to work, I happened to check my schedule to make sure I&apos;d be there on time.
		It said I wasn&apos;t supposed to work today.
		Had I transcribed it wrong when I was copying it from the schedule list at work?
		If I&apos;d noticed right away, I could have planned for this different schedule, but I&apos;d been counting on working Tuesday like I&apos;ve been doing recently and having Thursday off.
		I headed to work as usual, just in case I&apos;d written it down wrong, but sure enough, I had the day off.
		Huh.
	</p>
	<p>
		That means I won&apos;t have much time on Thursday to finish my final exams.
		I&apos;ll have all the time I need and more, but only if I get on them right away.
		It also means I skipped certain errands on my usual Tuesday errand run because I didn&apos;t think I had time; I only did the bare minimum: hit up Bi-Mart for their lucky number day and deposit my pay cheque at the credit union.
	</p>
	<p>
		On a more positive note, I was able to get some errands run that I wasn&apos;t expecting to get to today.
		I got my power bill paid; it was higher than I&apos;d&apos;ve liked it to be, but lower than I feared it&apos;d be with my heat turned up.
		That said, I don&apos;t have it turned up super high, just high enough to not shiver.
		I still like a slight chill in the air.
		I also finally got around to returning about half of the bottles I&apos;ve collected from my coworkers this term.
		I didn&apos;t feel up to returning them near the beginning of the term, and there was too much on my plate (such as my mother&apos;s holiday) near the end.
		The box I keep them in was overflowing, and I&apos;ve had to put them in the other box, which I normally keep only shredded paper in (to later be thoroughly mixed when there&apos;s enough, then recycled in different cans).
		I&apos;d&apos;ve returned them all, but there&apos;s a limit to how many stores will take each day.
		I&apos;ve got two nearby convenience stores that&apos;ll take fifty each, so I paid a visit to both of them.
		I also had time to get my laundry done for the week, something I thought I&apos;d have to put off a day or two longer.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

