<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>Scheduling a delay &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Scheduling a delay</h1>
			<p>Day 01040: Wednesday, 2018 January 10</p>
		</header>
<section id="meta">
	<h2>Site update schedule</h2>
	<p>
		I wasn&apos;t feeling that great, so I didn&apos;t put a lot of thought into my update schedule of this website, which includes both canary chirping and journal page uploads.
		It used to also include the public archival of my coursework for the week, which in fact has been the reason I&apos;ve needed to slow down and not post daily.
		The less-frequent updates meant I didn&apos;t have to polish my partly-completed coursework into something presentable each day; I could wait until the work was complete and only polish it as a whole.
		That way, I didn&apos;t waste time polishing parts that would later be worked or even deleted.
		My coursework schedule is still the driving force behind my update schedule, despite the lack of visible archival.
		For this reason, I&apos;ve reworked the schedule slightly into something a little more convenient.
		Each term, the week just before I fall silent (my silent period includes the span between terms and six days into the beginning of the next term), I&apos;m going to delay my site update by a day.
		While most updates fall on Wednesdays, this one will fall on a Thursday.
		This buys me an extra day on the final assignments for the term and gives me adequate time to reasonably complete my final exams.
	</p>
	<p>
		Consequently, this week&apos;s update was originally scheduled for upload today.
		This has now been postponed until tomorrow.
		I took my exams for the term tonight and wrote up my short reports on them; I will format the reports and submit them tomorrow before work.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="health">
	<h2>Health</h2>
	<p>
		Over the past week, I&apos;ve felt much gayer than I have been lately.
		I&apos;m really thinking the infected teeth were the main thing bringing me down.
		The school certainly did a number to me emotionally, but I&apos;m not so convinced they were the main problem any more.
		I&apos;m not quite back to what I was before, but I&apos;m definitely enjoying what&apos;s come back to me so far, and I expect the rest shouldn&apos;t be too far behind.
	</p>
	<p>
		Over the past few days, I&apos;ve also noticed that my stomach has gotten hairier.
		I&apos;m almost certain I wasn&apos;t this hairy before.
		My breasts were, but not my stomach.
		I wonder what that&apos;s about.
	</p>
	<p>
		The surgeon said my gums are healing up nicely.
		The Eugene dentists&apos; office was even able to schedule my next appointment at the Springfield office, so I didn&apos;t need to stop there on the way home.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="visit">
	<h2>Visit</h2>
	<p>
		I really wasn&apos;t feeling up to dealing with my mother today, but it&apos;s been too long since I&apos;ve visited her.
		It&apos;s not for lack of trying, but she&apos;s never around and she doesn&apos;t answer her messages (because her mobile was designed by a screwy company (Apple) and uses a screwy service provider (Verizon), so messages don&apos;t even make it to her much of the time.
		She gets lonely though, so I try to drop by when there&apos;s time.
		I&apos;m about to be very busy, if I can keep my motivation up, so I dropped by today in a third attempt to visit her.
		Predictably, she wasn&apos;t around.
		This time though, Vanessa was.
		We talked for an hour or two, and I found out my timing wasn&apos;t quite as bad as I&apos;d thought it&apos;d been these past times.
		It&apos;s not that our mother&apos;s been out <strong>*frequently*</strong> lately, it&apos;s that she&apos;s been out for <strong>*extended periods*</strong> lately.
		She&apos;s been gone for about five days at a time at least twice now.
		I should have better luck if I try back on Saturday.
		Maybe.
		Between periods of extended departure, she&apos;s also been having shorter day trips, so I still could miss her.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

