<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>The cleaning &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The cleaning</h1>
			<p>Day 01041: Thursday, 2018 January 11</p>
		</header>
<section id="cleaning">
	<h2>Apartment cleaning</h2>
	<p>
		Having closed the book on this past term, it&apos;s time for me to begin looking for a better job so I can escape the one I have now.
		I was debating between going out to look at the working conditions of a few places and just staying at home and applying for various jobs online.
		I took a look at the weather though, and decided to stay indoors.
	</p>
	<p>
		I went to dig dig up the paper I wrote my neighbour&apos;s telephone number on for use as an emergency contact, but I couldn&apos;t find it.
		During the first half of the term, when I really wasn&apos;t feeling up to much, I let my bedroom deteriorate into a mess.
		I&apos;d have to spend the day cleaning it if I wanted any hope of finding that number, but more importantly, if I don&apos;t want to continue losing things.
		I knew I likely wouldn&apos;t find the number either way though, and that I&apos;d probably have to suck it up and ask for the number again.
	</p>
	<p>
		I might spend the bulk of or even all of my time off from school just focussing on getting this place organised.
		I needed a better way to store socks and underwear, for example.
		I bought a drawer set to hold them a while back, but it&apos;s tiny and wouldn&apos;t even hold all my underwear, let alone my socks.
		Besides, when my mother invited herself to store stuff at my place again, I dumped it out and used it to store the small computer components I&apos;d had in the corner of my living room.
		Due to my mother taking my living room (even though she&apos;s not using it), I&apos;ve had to cram a lot into my bedroom and entryway that don&apos;t belong there as well, making both areas difficult to use.
		If I can get everything organised and keep it that way, the coming term should be easier.
		I&apos;ll just stick with my current stupid job another term, then apply elsewhere during the next break, if nothing goes horribly wrong again.
	</p>
	<p>
		Between restlessness and the fact that progress would be slowed until I could get my socks and underwear out of the way, I decided to play a visit to a local second-hand store to look for some plastic drawer sets.
		I biked to get there, thinking there&apos;d be no way I&apos;d find what I was looking for, and that I&apos;d probably end up doing some clothing shopping while I was there.
		Instead, I found not one, but four wide drawer sets.
		I paid more than I wanted to to get two of them, but time is of the essence.
		The sooner I get organised, the better off I&apos;ll be.
		I left the other two there, my excuse to myself being that they were more expensive than the two I bought, despite being identical.
		In all honesty though, I didn&apos;t know what I&apos;d do with another two sets at the moment, with most of my space unusable, as it&apos;s been set aside for my mother&apos;s use.
		Thankfully, my workplace is next door to the second-hand shop, so I was able to leave my bike there and walk home with my purchase.
		I wasn&apos;t sure at first that I had a use for all six (three in each set) drawers, but after taking another look at my situation, I think six is exactly how many I need, at a minimum.
		For example, if I want to get my larger computer parts put in some, I&apos;ll need more.
		After finding the top could be removed and the drawers could stack, I might pick up the other two sets tomorrow.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="schedule">
	<h2>A fixed schedule</h2>
	<p>
		I heard a rumour today at work that the head manager is going to be implementing a fixed schedule soon.
		If true, that&apos;ll be awesome!
		If I&apos;m going to be there a while longer, it&apos;ll be nice to know weeks in advance when I&apos;ll be working and not.
		I&apos;ve been scheduling dental work, for example, base don guesses as to when I&apos;ll be able to make it in.
		If I end up working on those days at those times, I&apos;ll need to cancel my appointment and make a new one, postponing the work further.
		I also sometimes gamble with my coursework, assuming I&apos;ll have certain days off, just because I need a break.
		Usually, it works out, but sometimes, it results in a mad rush that leaves me more tired than before.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="meta">
	<h2>Vacation</h2>
	<p>
		My vacation from school begins today.
		School won&apos;t begin again until next month, so it&apos;ll be until about a week into next month until I update the website again.
		Have a great break everyone, and I hope to see you next term.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

