<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>*sigh* &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><em>*sigh*</em></h1>
			<p>Day 01042: Friday, 2018 January 12</p>
		</header>
<section id="safety">
	<h2>Don&apos;t provoke people</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve never been one to try to step on people&apos;s toes.
		If I can at all avoid it, I try to avoid getting on people&apos;s nerves.
		Today, I was reminded once again why this is the safest course of action.
		As I was headed out, some person called me over to see if I&apos;d seen the person they were looking for.
		Thankfully, I hadn&apos;t, so I wasn&apos;t able to help them find their target before learning their intent.
		It seems the target flashed their genitals at them in a public restroom, and now, they were chasing the target down to beat them up over it.
		Wow.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve never understood why getting flashed sets people off.
		It shouldn&apos;t really bother anyone; it doesn&apos;t hurt you in any way to catch a glimpse of some animal&apos;s reproductive organs if those organs aren&apos;t invading your space.
		And that&apos;s what we are: animals.
		You don&apos;t go beat up dogs you see if their reproductive organs show, do you?
		The only difference I see is that flashers are <strong>*trying*</strong> to bother you.
		So why let it bother you?
		Why let them have their way?
		On a slightly-related tangent, the local laws against public nudity also seem ridiculous.
		I mean, why are people so offended by the natural human form?
		That said, I do prefer people keep their clothing on in public, clothing looks better than bodies; I just don&apos;t think it should be illegal to do otherwise.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cleaning">
	<h2>The cleaning</h2>
	<p>
		I headed to the second-hand shop again, hoping those plastic drawer sets were still around.
		I figured they probably were, seeing as it&apos;d only been a day since I&apos;d seen them and, quite frankly, they were overpriced.
		Not only were the two I&apos;d seen yesterday still there, three more had shown up at lower prices.
		The catch though was that they didn&apos;t match the originals.
		Obviously, I don&apos;t care about the fact that they <strong>*look*</strong> a little different, but the two cheapest ones won&apos;t stack due to being different models.
		There&apos;s not really a stacking standard for when they produce these things.
		The next one up was identical to the two I had and the two I left behind yesterday, but it&apos;s off-colour.
		Still, it&apos;s identical shape makes it stackable with the rest, so I picked it up for its lower price tag along with one of the two remaining from yesterday.
	</p>
	<p>
		I actually tried to stack the other two in the store before finding it wasn&apos;t going to work.
		It makes me wonder if I should get that fifth drawer set like the four I now have.
		I&apos;m really not sure I need five, but at the same time, if this one gets away and I change my mind later, I may not find any more that stack with these.
		That&apos;s the drawback of shopping second-hand.
		On second thought, I won&apos;t buy it.
		These things can only stack two high before they get too high for the top drawers to even be usable.
		Without a sixth, the stackability of the fifth won&apos;t be useful.
	</p>
	<p>
		While sorting paperwork, I found a bill for one of my credit cards.
		Among the items listed in the transaction overview is an automatic payment that brings the balance to $0.
		However, they enclosed an envelope so I could pay the bill.
		Um.
		What?
		What do you want me to even send you?
		They need to work on whatever automated mailer program sends these things so it doesn&apos;t send envelopes when nothing is due.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>University drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		After the <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/01.xhtml">university pulled their garbage</a>, I was sure I was going to leave their ambassador program, a program they use to get existing students to help them recruit more students.
		After all, I&apos;ve become disillusioned with the school because of their threats and censorship demands, so I see no reason to help them recruit.
		I was just waiting for the right moment.
		I wasn&apos;t sure it&apos;d go over well if I drop out of the program as soon as they threaten me.
		How would they react?
		It didn&apos;t seem like a safe gamble.
		With that in mind, I figured I&apos;d wait until their next assignment for me, which would likely be one I coundn&apos;t actually help with like most of the others, and I&apos;d leave citing the fact that I&apos;m a poor fit for the program and it&apos;s a poor fit for me.
		I mean, last time, they wanted testimonials from students, but they wouldn&apos;t even let me provide my story unless I was willing to let them use my face.
		Um, hello?
		That&apos;s ridiculous!
		And not being cisgendered, I&apos;ve never been comfortable with my appearance.
	</p>
	<p>
		The people running the program hardly ever contact me though, so it&apos;s taken until now to set the plan in motion.
		And, it&apos;s not even an assignment; it&apos;s a notification that the program has set up a Facebook group for internal communication.
		It was a perfect excuse to leave though; if a Facebook account is required for learning what they want from us, someone without a Facebook account, such as myself, isn&apos;t going to do well in the program.
		If they tried to get me to set up a Facebook account to remedy the program, I&apos;d cite Facebook&apos;s noxious demands for photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> as why that&apos;s not an option.
		What I didn&apos;t expect though was a response telling me that the group was &quot;still&quot; on Yammer (Microsoft&apos;s social network, because all the big companies have their own social network these days), and that the Facebook group is just an alternative for those that don&apos;t check Yammer that often.
		So this is why I&apos;ve been getting almost no updates or assignments.
		They&apos;ve been on Yammer the whole time, and I had no idea.
		I thought this was done via email.
	</p>
	<p>
		Over a year ago, I had issues getting Yammer to work.
		Simply put, it&apos;d let me log in, but would present me with a mostly-blank page as soon as I would.
		There wasn&apos;t a way to see or do anything.
		I reached out to the school for help, as they claim this to be their own social network (it&apos;s actually a walled garden within Microsoft&apos;s Yammer social network), and got no response whatsoever.
		So now, over a year later, I try again (to get a screenshot and explain that Yammer isn&apos;t working and hasn&apos;t been working.
		The plan was to tell them they could either help resolve the issue, point me to someone that could, or drop me from the program as I&apos;d initially requested.
		It works now though, though it requires JavaScript to do so.
		That&apos;s going to mean I don&apos;t use the platform often.
		I&apos;ll be staying in the program a bit longer, too.
		Aside from the recruitment assignments, it looks like we also help existing students figure things out.
		If you&apos;re already here, I don&apos;t mind helping you, though I don&apos;t think I want to draw new students into this mess of a school.
		The censorship and the unwarranted threats are why I&apos;m not interested in recruitment, but to be honest, those are far from the only problems here at the university.
		I don&apos;t feel like going into details yet again, but if you&apos;ve been reading my journal, you know what I mean.
		Or maybe you don&apos;t; those pages may have needed to be censored.
		Isn&apos;t censorship great?
		<em>*sigh*</em>
	</p>
</section>
<section id="escape">
	<h2>Escape</h2>
	<p>
		It dawned on me today (after I&apos;d spent the day organising) that I really need to escape my stupid job.
		I don&apos;t have time to focus on cleaning and organising right now!
		It was probably a great move to get these storage drawers and begin sorting stuff into them.
		Simply having the drawers there will help prevent the mess from getting any worse.
		I didn&apos;t have time to look for organisation options while school was in session.
		I can slowly improve my situation when time is short but still somewhat available: when I&apos;m back in school.
		Now that I have the drawers, finding a new job needs to take priority.
	</p>
	<p>
		As predicted, I&apos;ll have to suck it up and ask my neighbour for their telephone number again to put them down as an emergency contact.
	</p>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t have time tomorrow to begin the job hunt though.
		I&apos;m going to try to visit my mother as already planned.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="fire">
	<h2>The fire</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m not sure what happened exactly, but the boxes containing a pizza and a cheese bread in our warmer at work caught fire.
		No one was hurt and nothing, aside from the product, was damaged.
		The warmer still looks fine and none of the heating elements are exposed.
		I&apos;m baffled as to how the boxes got hot enough to ignite.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mobile">
	<h2>Mobile inconveniences</h2>
	<p>
		Not having a working mobile device is kind of inconvenient.
		I use the thing as a timer.
		I use it as a camera.
		I use it as a music player.
		I use it as a scheduling calendar.
		I use the thing to receive emails on the go.
		Sometimes, I even do a quick Web search.
	</p>
	<p>
		Having a working mobile device is inconvenient too though.
		Without freedom-friendly hardware, battery life is short.
		I mean, my last mobile had a cracked battery, so of course it wasn&apos;t going to last too long.
		The mobile I had before that one though, my first mobile, was brand new.
		It still couldn&apos;t go a full twenty-four hours without a charge.
		I also can&apos;t use the thing with Wi-Fi or Bluetooth, because the specifications of the hardware are kept too secret for the community to have what they need to program support for them.
		I can&apos;t say I&apos;ve ever used Bluetooth for anything, though it&apos;d be nice to have it for headphones, but Wi-Fi would make the device so much more useful than it already is.
	</p>
	<p>
		If I could get a mobile with decent battery life or Wi-Fi support, I&apos;d probably scrounge up the money to get a new one.
		However, as the situation holds, I can only see one strong motivating factor for getting a new mobile: email.
		I&apos;m probably going to need to get telephone service for my job hunt.
		Once I have my new job though, I&apos;ll leave the telephone (be it a land line or mobile line) at home.
		My employer will still be able to reach me that way, but they&apos;ll have to either luck into hitting me when I&apos;m at home or wait until I return so I can return respond to whatever message they leave.
		I have no obligation to be reachable by any method whatsoever when I&apos;m out of the apartment on some errand or even just to enjoy my time off the clock.
		If I have mobile email though, an employer (or coworker) willing to use email may be encouraged to do so by my much-faster email response times.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="itching">
	<h2>No itching</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m not sure what was up with the itching that one day, but I never broke out in hives and haven&apos;t been notably itchy since.
		I&apos;d say it was the placebo effect, and that I was just feeling the itch because I&apos;d been expecting it, but I&apos;d actually forgotten about the possible allergy until my arm got really itchy and I looked up the day I finished the antibiotics in my journal.
		I don&apos;t think I&apos;m actually allergic to the antibiotics after all, or if I am, I&apos;m significantly less allergic than my mother and sister.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

