<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m one of the crazies &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m one of the crazies</h1>
			<p>Day 01043: <time>Saturday, 2018 January 13</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="changes">
	<h2>Not the same person any more</h2>
	<p>
		Whoever I&apos;ve become, I&apos;m not the same person I was a year ago.
		I don&apos;t feel like the old me at all.
		I guess now I&apos;m Alex, and before, I was <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>.
		That&apos;s really the only way to explain it.
		I&apos;ve changed; metamorphosed.
		It feels so bizarre to think about, but so many of my thoughts and desires have changed over the past several months.
		I&apos;m certainly much happier this way, but I&apos;m pretty sure I&apos;m a lot less sane.
		I live in a world of crazies though, so it&apos;s not like I don&apos;t fit in better this way.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="visit">
	<h2>Visiting my mother</h2>
	<p>
		As planned, I tried to visit my mother before work.
		She wasn&apos;t around.
		I had a short shift today though, and I was able to catch her after work.
		It&apos;d be easier if she either checked her email or if she wasn&apos;t on a screwy mobile and screwy mobile service that drop messages to and from her.
		Thankfully, it seems she&apos;s started to become more reasonable on some levels lately, and she now says email is fine.
		Next time, I can reach her that way.
	</p>
	<p>
		It sounds like she hasn&apos;t been doing to well lately.
		I won&apos;t go into details because that&apos;s her private matter, but I worry for her.
		I&apos;ll be meeting up with her again tomorrow, while things are somewhat slow for me.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="jobs">
	<h2>Emergency contact</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve come to a realisation: not having an emergency contact is not likely to affect my chances of getting hired, despite the fact that the one business refuses to let me leave that field blank.
		I honestly don&apos;t have anyone I want contacted if something happens to me.
		Just send me to the hospital, and if I&apos;m not conscious or something, let the medical professionals do what they think best.
		There does not exist someone in my life that I trust to make such decisions on my behalf; I trust strangers with medical training more than anyone I actually have a relationship with.
		Depending on what formats are accepted by the form in question, I&apos;ll probably just put <code>911</code>, &quot;no emergency contact available&quot;, or some variant of <code>+15555550101</code> and call it good.
		If I&apos;m wrong and they hold it against me, I guess so be it.
		I&apos;ll feel safer not having a contact listed in my file, so I&apos;m better off at a job that I don&apos;t need one.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

