<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>There was no crush ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>There was no crush ...</h1>
			<p>Day 01044: Sunday, 2018 January 14</p>
		</header>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed my mother was expressing curiosity in the rationale behind what numbers could be the maximum a computer could store in a field.
		I was trying to explain powers of two to her, attempting to compare them to powers of ten and their relation to a maximum number of digits, but she wasn&apos;t understanding because she wouldn&apos;t stop interrupting.
		If I could form even a single complete sentence, maybe we could&apos;ve gotten somewhere.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="visit">
	<h2>Visit</h2>
	<p>
		I spent the day with my mother, most of that time running errands on foot with her.
		It certainly beat sitting around at her place not getting anything accomplished.
		I forgot how much it hurts to run errands on foot though.
		By the time we got back, I had a blister on my right foot and I felt like I had one on my left foot as well.
		We also got back late, so I didn&apos;t have time to make dinner or rest before heading to work.
		I only had time to stop at home, drain my blister, change into my work uniform, and head out.
		It was certainly worth it though; I&apos;m not complaining.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother seems to have lost interest in my dental work, which is good.
		I mean, she&apos;s curious, and also says I should go in to a general medical doctor for a check-up as I haven&apos;t had one in probably over a decade, but she&apos;s expressed no further interest in being at the appointments with me.
		I already had so many scenarios run through my head about how to deal with attempts that she might make to accompany me, with the worst-case scenario involving giving her the incorrect date so I&apos;d have it done a day before she tried to go.
		This was only for if she pushed and wouldn&apos;t take &quot;no&quot; for an answer, but it was certainly something I&apos;d thought about and even rehearsed several times in my head just in case.
		It&apos;s nice to know I&apos;m not going to have to fight her about this.
	</p>
	<p>
		She also mentioned a little girl I once knew.
		She used to hassle me about her, insisting I&apos;d had a crush on her.
		I&apos;ve told her so many times that I never did, but every couple years, she&apos;d bring the topic up again and insist I did.
		Like, dude.
		I was asexual.
		Of course I wasn&apos;t developing crushes on <strong>*anyone*</strong>.
		She seemed to think though that I was still a normal hetero child on some level though.
		Now that I&apos;m gay, I think she&apos;s finally grasped the fact that I never liked this girl.
		I mean, I thought she was nice as a classmate, but I never even made any attempts to befriend her.
		At least now though, my mother has stopped referring to her as the girl I had a crush on and is now referring to her as the girl she used to hassle me about.
	</p>
	<p>
		My mother is an excellent bargain hunter.
		Her one fatal flaw though is that she often buys stuff she has no storage space for.
		Occasionally, she also buys stuff I&apos;m convinced she doesn&apos;t actually have a use for, but maybe she later finds uses for these things.
		I don&apos;t know.
		She occasionally also finds bizarre food deals.
		Such as this time, she found a twenty-pound bag of red potatoes for two dollars.
		Like, what?
		Who is even discounting potatoes that steeply?
		The catch is that she had to buy in bulk, getting more potatoes than she&apos;ll be able to use before they expire, but she&apos;ll still save a lot of money with just the potatoes she&apos;ll use.
		You&apos;ve got to figure that if she bought however many potatoes she&apos;s going to end up using from that deal in a normal store, it&apos;d cost more that $2 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
		And now, she&apos;s planning to give away the excess to friends so they don&apos;t go to waste.
		So anyway, long story short, I now have a bunch of red potatoes in my cupboard.
		I bought some regular russets a couple days ago, so I won&apos;t be able to go through as many of the reds as I otherwise could, but the russets and reds together should make my soups a little more interesting.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

