<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>Obscurity &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Obscurity</h1>
			<p>Day 01045: Monday, 2018 January 15</p>
		</header>
<section id="Obscurity">
	<h2>Obscurity</h2>
	<p>
		Marc with a C has a new album up for release called <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/obscurity">Obscurity</a>.
		It sounds like he&apos;s really excited about it and has been working on it in the background for a number of years.
		I&apos;m interested to see how that turns out.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>University drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		It seems my school is now offering the option to transfer in credits.
		As much as I&apos;d like to get out faster, I&apos;m not going to transfer anything in.
		First of all, I want as much of a break from my old life as possible.
		I don&apos;t want to try to dig up my old credits.
		And second, my old coursework was lost due to <a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">the event</a>.
		I want to keep everything that ends up as part of my work that matters in my archive, as it&apos;s an important part of my personal history.
		If that means staying here at University of Drudgery a little while longer, so be it.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="jobs">
	<h2></h2>
	<p>
		My feet are killing me today.
		I swear, my bike not only saves me a lot of time, but spares me a lot of pain.
		I wasn&apos;t really up to going out any more than necessary today, so I stayed at home and worked on job applications online.
		Besides, tomorrow and the next day are my days off.
		I&apos;m going to need to have rested my feet as much as possible before then, as those are the days best suited for going out to check on what&apos;s out there and available in the area.
	</p>
	<p>
		The job I worked on applying to today wanted the exact dates of my employment periods.
		I don&apos;t even have that information any more due to data loss, aside from my employment periods in the past three years.
		I mean, why would I keep track of exact dates of hire/departure?
		The only reason I even have the more recent dates is that they happen to be in my journal; so I needed to find my hire date for my current job there.
		I ended up not including my two-week temp job though, because they didn&apos;t know my by my current name, there was a span of a few months between that job and my current one that I&apos;d need to try to explain, and it&apos;d make it look lime my first job lasted only two weeks when that isn&apos;t the case.
		There were extenuating circumstances surrounding that dark period in my life.
	</p>
	<p>
		I forgot that potential employers want the telephone numbers of past employers though.
		I wasn&apos;t able to finish the application, as I needed to get the telephone number of my current job, so I spent the rest of my free time for the day tidying up both my apartment and my website.
		I got the telephone number when I headed in to work, but by the time I got back home, it was rather late.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="meta">
	<h2>Website clean-up</h2>
	<p>
		This website is littered with poorly-built pages.
		The markup is perfect <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1, but there are various semantic issues.
		Keeping a website has been a learning process, and I continue to improve, but many of my past pages still show a lack of quality.
		For the most part, I leave these pages alone, especially the big pages (because cleaning them up takes more time than it&apos;s worth) and the weblog pages (because they&apos;re far too numerous to reasonably process), but every once in a while, a big enough change occurs that some clean-up becomes mandatory.
	</p>
	<p>
		The current problem is the misplacement of <code>id</code> attributes and the lack of <code>&lt;section/&gt;</code> elements.
		With changes I made in the <abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr> during the past term, pages that use <code>id</code>s don&apos;t look right unless those <code>id</code>s are properly made attributes of <code>&lt;section/&gt;</code> elements.
		(<code>&lt;section/&gt;</code>s linked to have a lit-up background.)
		In the past, I&apos;ve used those attributes as a part of headings, but a while back, I started using <code>&lt;section/&gt;</code>s to divide content more semantically.
		I&apos;ve already done a little cleaning in the past couple days, but today, with a temporary hindrance to my job hunt, I worked on cleaning the biggest of my messy pages: my <a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml"><abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> notes</a>.
		When I take the time to fix a page, I fix it all the way, I don&apos;t just clean up the part that needs immediate attention.
		This page featured two hundred forty-nine <code>id</code>s that needed to be moved into <code>&lt;section/&gt;</code> elements that didn&apos;t yet exist, not to mention that nothing was properly indented and sentences in paragraphs were not properly placed on their own individual lines.
		It was a mess, but not any more.
		That said, it was a rush job.
		I think I got everything fixed, but there may be something I missed.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="work">
	<h2>Work</h2>
	<p>
		Our head manager is only the head manager of our store location.
		They&apos;re not the top leader in the franchise.
		Someone higher than them, who doesn&apos;t work in the store, decided to reconfigure our computer system for no apparent reason.
		The most noticeable change is that the menu items have been rearranged.
		We&apos;ll relearn where everything is, but what was even the point of moving it?
		Next, one of the menu item buttons is now configured to stop functioning after 20:00, at which point it becomes greyed out.
		Again, why?
		It&apos;s one of the items we stop preparing after 20:00, but if they haven&apos;t sold as well as expected, we could still have some left over and still need that button, especially within the first several minutes after 20:00.
		More to the point though, there are other items we don&apos;t tend to try to keep ready after 20:00 as well.
		None of those other menu items end up greyed out.
		It&apos;s completely inconsistent.
		I&apos;ve been blaming all the problems of the system on the system itself, but now I don&apos;t know what to think.
		Some of the problems are outright bugs.
		But other problems are strange quirks, and any of the non-bug quirks could be a configuration issue or a problem with the actually system.
		There&apos;s no way to know which.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

