<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>No more energy &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>No more energy</h1>
			<p>Day 01049: <time>Friday, 2018 January 19</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="laptop">
	<p>
		I am being worn ragged.
	</p>
	<p>
		Last night, I looked at my receipt before going to bed, and found the recycling centre has a two-day return policy.
		I could make the exchange, but I&apos;d need to do it right away.
		I didn&apos;t think to get the Debian <abbr title="International Organisation for Standardisation">ISO</abbr> download started until I had already headed out this morning.
		I had to overwrite the image I had on my <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive to install Ubuntu, so I needed a new <abbr title="International Organisation for Standardisation">ISO</abbr> image.
		This cost me several hours.
		I should&apos;ve gotten the download started last night.
		This morning, it was raining, but there was no time to find a clearer day to do this.
		I don&apos;t mind getting a little wet, but I had a cardboard box to carry, so ... yeah.
		I made it to the recycling centre, where they now have <strong>*three*</strong> Linux laptops set up.
		A Web search indicated that two of the laptops, including one of the two that was there two days ago, wasn&apos;t likely to play nice with Debian.
		No matter which of the two I&apos;d bought, I was likely to have problems.
		The Web seems to indicate one of the new ones will work fine, so I took that one.
		Next time, I need to do some Web searching before buying so I can have a better chance of avoiding this garbage.
		There&apos;s still a chance of failure, especially because these machines may not include their original parts, but it should weed out a lot of potential problems ahead of time.
	</p>
	<p>
		I tried the net installer first, as the download was smaller and quicker, but as expected, the Wi-Fi card doesn&apos;t work.
		In needs non-free firmware that I won&apos;t provide it.
		I&apos;ll needed to swap my previous Wi-Fi card in, which as stated yesterday, is damaged or something.
		It frequently disconnects.
		The Debian installer isn&apos;t programmed to handle a Wi-Fi disconnect properly, so the net installer isn&apos;t an option.
		Using that Wi-Fi card, I must install using the live <abbr title="International Organisation for Standardisation">ISO</abbr> (or something else that contains all the needed packages and doesn&apos;t need to retrieve them from online).
		The larger download predictably didn&apos;t complete before I had to go in for my shift at work.
		This is why I should&apos;ve started the download before going to bed last night.
	</p>
	<p>
		When I got home and finally got to test, I was actually pretty hopeful.
		My hopes were quickly shattered though.
		I figured I&apos;d perform a quick, unencrypted install to test. If it worked, I&apos;d go to bed.
		I could reinstall and encrypt tomorrow.
		Otherwise, I&apos;d begin a Linux Mint download to restore the operating system that came on the machine, and head in to the recycling centre again tomorrow, not having had enough sleep, just like this morning.
		The actual problem with this new machine caught me off-guard.
		The <abbr title="Basic Input/Output System">BIOS</abbr> has <abbr title="digital restrictions management">DRM</abbr> for preventing you from using your own Wi-Fi hardware!
		I&apos;ve seen that once before, and I&apos;ve been considering it as a possibility in both new laptops I worked with recently, but not on any serious level.
		I didn&apos;t think I&apos;d actually run into that problem again!
		I don&apos;t know what to do.
		I can&apos;t keep biking to the recycling centre.
		It&apos;s not feasible.
		One thing&apos;s for certain: I need to bike to the recycling centre one last time tomorrow and get a refund.
		Not an exchange, a refund.
		If I got an exchange, I&apos;d be risking needing to bike there again no later than two days in the future.
		There&apos;d be no time to rest.
		I need to put this aside for now.
		The question is, do I go without a backup laptop for now, or do I order a new laptop that comes with Debian pre-installed?
		Such a laptop would have zero compatibility issues; I&apos;d be done with this garbage.
		It&apos;d set me back quite a bit financially though.
		Is it worth it?
	</p>
</section>
<section id="food">
	<h2>Cornbread Cafe</h2>
	<p>
		I stopped at the café again to make a horribly tiring trip a little less bad.
		I found they weren&apos;t serving the good food though; they have a separate breakfast menu.
		I commented that I wasn&apos;t aware of the separate breakfast menu to the waiter, and they seemed rather happy about it, saying they wished they could serve breakfast all day, but the kitchen&apos;s not big enough.
		My thoughts were the opposite though.
		I wished they&apos;d serve regular food all day, including during breakfast hours.
		Breakfast foods just aren&apos;t very filling or very appetising.
		I ended up getting some fake scrambled eggs, a pancake, and some potatoes; they were good, but not filling.
	</p>
	<p>
		Also of note, it seems the café&apos;s opening another location, this time in Springfield, several blocks from my home.
		That&apos;ll be great!
		I can&apos;t afford to eat there daily, but I might stop in for a weekly treat to take my mind off coursework.
		They say they&apos;re planning to open in the spring.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="PMS">
	<h2><abbr title="premenstrual syndrome">PMS</abbr></h2>
	<p>
		I think I&apos;m <abbr title="premenstrual syndrome">PMS</abbr>ing again.
		First, I nearly cried at the café.
		(Not about the lack of non-breakfast foods, but about some of the messages plastered on the walls.)
		I was nearly crying at work yesterday too, if I recall.
		Then later, as I was going through past goals in my website clean-up, my mind started going to dark places.
	</p>
	<p>
		It&apos;s like this stupid <abbr title="premenstrual syndrome">PMS</abbr> is a side effect of my gayness.
		During that time span in which I wasn&apos;t feeling gay at all, I didn&apos;t seem to get <abbr title="premenstrual syndrome">PMS</abbr> any more.
		Now with my gayness back in full swing, I&apos;ve got to deal with this crap again.
		It&apos;s certainly worth it, but it&apos;s a bit annoying.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="meta">
	<h2>Website clean-up</h2>
	<p>
		While waiting for the download that didn&apos;t complete in time to use before work, I finished up the cleaning of old pages, at least as far as the plan was to clean them.
		I have no doubt there&apos;s a lot of crud left in my journal, but I think the three-month span I set out to fix, as well as the non-journal part of the website, should be mostly crud-free now.
		But this isn&apos;t the end of things.
		The next step is to build the new template, test its use with <a href="https://secure.php.net/manual/en/function.strtr.php"><code>\strtr()</code></a>, and translate all existing pages to use this setup.
		That&apos;s right: all of them.
		The translation process will take quite a while, and new journal entries will be written only using the new format, as to avoid wasted effort.
		What this means is that until everything has been translated and the new system is able to go live, new journal entries will not show up during regular website updates.
		In fact, only two things will likely change on the website during this time: the canary file will be updated and the homepage may or may not show new events.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

