<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Toothaches &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Toothaches</h1>
			<p>Day 01051: Sunday, 2018 January 21</p>
		</header>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Dental work</h2>
	<p>
		It seems each time I get one spot patched up in my mouth, another spot starts hurting.
		It&apos;s like my brain is shutting off the pain signals because there are too many, only presenting me with the worst signals.
		Then, when those problem areas are resolved, the next ones are revealed.
		For the past few days, I&apos;ve been dealing with toothaches on and off.
		Last night, they kept me from getting to sleep for what felt like hours.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t remember most of this dream, but I do recall the ending.
		I tried to talk to my mobile, which was not only working, but able to accept voice commands as if it didn&apos;t have such under-documented hardware that Replicant wasn&apos;t able to implement that.
		I told it to call someone, I forget who, but the thing was in my backpack, so my voice was muffled to it.
		It misunderstood, thought I&apos;d asked to take over the world, and offered me two people to call to help me with that.
		The thing was kind of loud, and I was on the clock at some department store, so I shouldn&apos;t&apos;ve been using a telephone at all.
		I tried to rush to the restroom so I could covertly take the thing out and shut it off, but it seemed to understand I was ignoring it, so it increased the volume.
	</p>
	<p>
		The two public restrooms were right next to each other, but their signs were confusing to me, slowing me down.
		One had a silhouette of a man, a woman, a boy, and a girl, all in pink.
		The other had the same set of people, but this time, they were purple.
		I thought to myself that if the signs had been identical, they&apos;d clearly be gender-inclusive restrooms, but with the difference in colours, maybe the colour had some significance.
		I didn&apos;t have time for this, and after a few seconds of trying to figure it out, I gave up and used the purple restroom.
		Across the floor just inside the entrance was a large, deep, trapezoidal basin full of water, like a strange sink with no drain.
		I was able to step around it, but I remember specifically thinking the placement was terrible because wheelchairs couldn&apos;t get around it.
		And what even was the basin for?
	</p>
	<p>
		I tried to close the door so I could fiddle with my mobile in piece, but someone was trying to shove their way through the door.
		I kept telling them it was occupied and shoving back, but they wouldn&apos;t listen.
		Soon, a friend came from the outside and helped me get rid of them, but then <strong>*they*</strong> were trying to shove their way in!
		I kept telling them I needed to use the restroom, but they wouldn&apos;t listen and kept trying to give me jewellery.
		I kept getting the door fully closed for a fraction of a second, but when I went to lock it to be done with this, I found there was no doorknob and the only lock was key-operated on the inside of the restroom.
		I puzzled over how to lock the door for a bit, then it hit me that I somehow had the restroom key.
		I pulled out my lanyard (the one I use in the real world), and locked the door next time I got it closed.
		Except ... the friend was able to shove the door open anyway.
	</p>
	<p>
		On some level, I must&apos;ve known this was a dream, because I thought that the dream world was cheating.
		If it was going to cheat, I would cheat a little too.
		I telekinetically shoved my friend back far enough have a few seconds to lock the door.
		However, though supposedly locked, the door still wasn&apos;t holding closed.
		After a bit more struggle, the friend won, got the door fully open, and presented me with a few jewellery items.
	</p>
	<p>
		I pleaded with them to let me have some privacy and let me use the restroom, but they kept excitedly trying to hand me the jewellery.
		I finally ended up shouting at them, telling them I desperately needed to use the restroom, and they could give me jewellery when I was done.
		Finally, they got the message and left me alone.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve got to wonder why my dream self was trying to make a telephone call.
		I haven&apos;t placed a telephone call in over a year; I get out of placing telephone calls for months on end.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="meta">
	<h2>Website clean-up</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve refactored the closure that builds the pages of this website into two separate closures.
		One handles the automated data generation for pages based on their file path, while the other handles the rest of the load the original closure handled.
		This information from the file path is info that could be (and most of it used to be) stored in the page files, but generating it automatically is less error prone, so a rewrite a while back let me do that.
		Such information includes the navigation menus for all pages, as well as the subtitles and copyright years for journal pages.
		Factoring that functionality out puts me in a better position to build the template system, which will replace the second closure altogether.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

