<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>Further healing &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Further healing</h1>
			<p>Day 01055: <time>Thursday, 2018 January 25</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="driving">
	<h2>Driving lessons</h2>
	<p>
		I finally got a chance to talk to my driving instructor about the shortness of my time in April.
		I told them whenever they have time will be fine, and I&apos;ll just have to make time if I don&apos;t have it.
		I won&apos;t sleep as much as I should, if I have to.
		I&apos;m running short on time and I need to get this done.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="pennies">
	<h2>May I pay in change?</h2>
	<p>
		I had a customer come through the drive-through today and pay for their order entirely with pennies.
		Of course, I had to count them all.
		I don&apos;t mind counting pennies.
		Honestly, I don&apos;t.
		I found it mildly amusing, at the time.
		A lot of people get annoyed if you try to pay in pennies, but they&apos;re ignoring the fact that they&apos;re being <strong>*paid*</strong> to count them.
		They&apos;re on the clock
		It&apos;s not a difficult task, and if you&apos;re not counting someone&apos;s pennies, you&apos;re performing some other (likely also boring) task.
	</p>
	<p>
		Now that I think on it though, it was sort of rude for them to bring all those pennies through the drive-through and make me count them.
		If they&apos;d brought them into the lobby to pay, that&apos;d be one thing, but they held up the whole drive-through line.
		Whatever though; nothing I could do about it, and not my concern.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Gum healing</h2>
	<p>
		Sometimes it&apos;s one of my front teeth that hurts, other times it&apos;s the gaping hole in my gums on the right side, where three teeth were extracted.
		I was still feeling the hole in its full size, a couple days ago.
		I mean, my gums were elongating and trying to cover the hole, but they hadn&apos;t grown far enough yet to do more than just form a flap.
		Today though, I noticed that it feels like along about half the width of the crack, in the long direction, the sides have merged.
		The hole will be gone soon.
		Yay!
	</p>
	<p>
		Just in time for a new hole to be ripped in the upper side of my mouth.
		Ugh.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="Wi-Fi">
	<h2>Wi-Fi card</h2>
	<p>
		On that first night I tried the new Wi-Fi card, I mentioned that it doesn&apos;t get disconnected every few seconds, and just remains connected as it should.
		Well ...
		It hasn&apos;t been acting that way <strong>*since*</strong> that first night.
		It doesn&apos;t get disconnected every few seconds, but for the past three days, it <strong>*has*</strong> been disconnecting every few minutes.
		It stays connected longer that that other Wi-Fi card, that&apos;s for sure, but it&apos;s still not staying connected like it should.
		It may be the poor signal quality in my apartment though, especially given the drastic improvement.
		The other Wi-Fi card had problems, that is undeniable, but the problems this new one&apos;s experiencing might not be because of the card itself.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

