<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>I do dildos, not drugs. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I do dildos, not drugs.</h1>
			<p>Day 01056: <time>Friday, 2018 January 26</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Gum healing</h2>
	<p>
		This morning, when I awoke, I found the hole in my gums shrunk to about half what it was last night when I went to bed.
		If I&apos;m lucky, the hole will be gone tomorrow.
		The hole&apos;s presence is made worse by the prescription toothpaste I have to use.
		The toothpaste gets in the hole, but I&apos;m not supposed to rinse after brushing, or the medicated toothpaste won&apos;t have its effect.
		Once in the hole, the hole feels like it&apos;s burning for about twenty minutes, making it difficult to go to sleep.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cleaning">
	<h2>apartment cleaning</h2>
	<p>
		Today wasn&apos;t the most productive day ever, but I did finish with the entryway table area.
		The table had been covered in miscellaneous items I&apos;d been setting there for at least a month, with the intent to sort them later.
		I also finally got the leaf inserted.
		There was no space for the table in its wide form before; everything&apos;s been cramped since I cleared the living room for my mother&apos;s use.
		I&apos;ve had to store the leaf in the water heater&apos;s closet, which got in the way of the use of the shelves in there.
		With my bedroom better organised though, I&apos;ve been able to move more stuff into here, freeing up space around the table in the entryway.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drugs">
	<h2>They gave me marijuana!?</h2>
	<p>
		I had a customer that came through drive-through drop strange plant matter in my tip jar.
		I highly suspected it was marijuana, so I asked them what it was.
		They acted incredibly shifty though, and wouldn&apos;t give me a straight answer.
		They just kept telling me it was &quot;medicine&quot;.
		Medicine for what?
		After asking what it was for a few times, they finally told me it helps with pain, but still wouldn&apos;t tell me what it was.
		A friend and coworker of mine&apos;s a user though, so I asked them if it was in fact what I thought it was.
		Yup.
		Sure enough, I&apos;ve been given a dose of weed.
	</p>
	<p>
		They said it&apos;s a hybrid species, mostly stativa, partly indica, but they couldn&apos;t identify the exact strain.
		That&apos;s more specific than I was looking for though!
		I just wanted to know the general nature of what this person had given me.
		They told me the drug should make me very happy and giggly, but I&apos;ve already got something that has that effect on me: my dildo.
		I&apos;m curious as to how similar the drug&apos;s effects are to the aftermath of an orgasm, but not curious enough to give it a try.
	</p>
	<p>
		Now that I&apos;ve gotten it home and had a chance to examine it a bit, I find it smells incredibly familiar.
		It took me a bit to place the scent, but I think it smells like mint!
		I don&apos;t know.
		Anyway, I guess I&apos;ll keep it on my shelf for now as an amusing reminder of today, but as I&apos;m not a user, it&apos;s not something I can actually make use of.
		I&apos;m still in disbelief that a random stranger gave me drugs, without any hint that I might even want them; without any indication that I&apos;d even know how to use it.
		Seriously.
		I have no idea what to do with this plant.
		I guess people smoke it, but how does one do that?
		There&apos;s probably more to it than rolling it in paper and lighting it on fire.
		I could look it up if I really cared, but to do that, I&apos;d first have to find a way to identify it as marijuana to begin with.
		In my case, I had a hunch and it panned out, but since the customer wouldn&apos;t give any real hints as to what it was, they couldn&apos;t realistically expect me to get that far.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

