<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Winding down and preparing for the coming term &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Winding down and preparing for the coming term</h1>
			<p>Day 01057: Saturday, 2018 January 27</p>
		</header>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed Cyrus had come back to town to live with our mother for a while.
		Our mother was thoroughly railing on him though because of some of the shirts he&apos;d brought with.
		They were just a solid orange with white trimming; nothing offensive in any way.
		Cyrus&apos; room mate and I were flabbergasted by our mother&apos;s behaviour.
	</p>
	<p>
		I also found a pair of praying mantises in what was to become Cyrus&apos; bedroom.
		I started caught them to take them outside, but smaller insects started getting on my arms and in my armpits, which was unpleasant.
		I looked where I&apos;d found the mantises, and saw two more.
		I thought they were the same two, but then realised I was still holding the original two.
		I&apos;d stumbled upon a total of four mantises.
		I&apos;ve never seen so many in one place!
		I&apos;m not even sure I&apos;ve ever seen two of the creatures together before.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Gum healing</h2>
	<p>
		My gums didn&apos;t finish healing over as I&apos;d hoped overnight.
		In fact, I can&apos;t feel any noticeable difference.
		I got my hopes way too far up.
	</p>
	<p>
		That said, the pain in my tooth has gone down immensely.
		Yesterday, I hadn&apos;t needed to use my water trick to make the pain bearable.
		Today, there was so little pain that it&apos;s barely worth even mentioning.
		I&apos;m kind of wondering if the pain I felt before had either radiated from the hole or was felt in the wrong place due to a crossed signal in my nerves or something.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="cleaning">
	<h2>Apartment cleaning</h2>
	<p>
		My cleaning task for today was small and simple: return bottles for deposit at two convenience stores, getting them out of my entryway.
		I decided yesterday I&apos;d do it today, but I very nearly didn&apos;t out of laziness.
		That&apos;s another one hundred bottles out of my home though, and they&apos;re back down to a manageable level.
		If I can look into the box and easily see there&apos;s less than fifty without counting them, I&apos;m golden.
	</p>
	<p>
		I guess tomorrow&apos;s task should be working on that laundry basket of miscellaneous junk.
		When I get that sorted, I&apos;ll probably quit the cleaning projects for now.
		Well, aside from file-sorting.
		The rest of the disorder here is insignificant, and I&apos;m really not up for getting obsessive about organisation for the time being.
		I&apos;ve already made huge improvements, especially in my bedroom.
		As I said, I had to move a lot of junk into my bedroom from my living room to clear space for my mother, but part of the living room had started messy.
		I never cleaned up a two piles made when I first moved in and had to get everything transported as quickly as I could muster.
		Both of those ended up in my bedroom when I cleared the living room, but now they&apos;re actually sorted and dealt with.
		This might be the cleanest I&apos;ve had the place since I got here.
		I have a few unsorted items on shelves, but that&apos;s about all the mess that&apos;s left.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="domains">
	<h2>Domain hunt</h2>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/URI_research/ccTLDs.xhtml#pr">My notes</a> indicate that the <code>//pr.</code> registry uses a manual process of approving domain names and that I&apos;ve actually tested their form, though I never completed a purchase.
		Things seem to have changed since then though.
		there&apos;s no longer any trace of an on-site method of registration, and the only way to register a domain is to go through an accredited registrar.
		I&apos;ve updated my main notes accordingly, and removed the <code>//pr.</code> <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> from my <a href="/en/URI_research/usable_ccTLDs.xhtml">usable <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>s list</a>.
	</p>
	<p>
		For a while now, I&apos;ve been considering getting a second domain name to use for providing certain services.
		I actually found the issue with the code>//pr.</code> registry because I was considering using their <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> and needed to do a little more research first.
		I&apos;ve got a couple different ideas about how I might want to go about finding a name.
		On one hand, I&apos;ve got a fun experiment I&apos;d like to try.
		I&apos;d love to discuss this in depth, but this journal is public and the experiment would be unduly harmed if the nature of the experiment were discovered.
		Once the experiment ends, if I end up performing it, I&apos;ll disclose the full details.
		On the other hand, I could go for a more stable option and simply take the easy route.
		Whether I decide to perform the experiment not only determines the <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> I decide on, but also determines what <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr> I use.
		I fear I may already be saying too much ...
		If you know me well and you know domain names well, my entire experiment can probably be guessed just from this paragraph alone.
		(In particular, note my inconsistent use of terms.)
		Anyway, I&apos;ll probably look into multiple <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s and try to decide on the <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr>s that pair best with both the <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s and my intent for the domains.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="visit">
	<h2>Visit</h2>
	<p>
		With most of the major stuff I need to accomplish before my break ends complete, I paid my mother a visit after work.
		It seems she&apos;s got some heavy stuff she needs moved, but my schedule and her timeline don&apos;t match up, so I unfortunately can&apos;t help.
		Her place is a royal mess, even more so than mine ever was, and she just bought a new washing machine.
		She&apos;s not planning to clear a path tonight, so I can&apos;t help her move it tomorrow morning.
		She&apos;s going to clear the path tomorrow morning and afternoon, then move the washer in the evening, but I have work in the evening.
		She doesn&apos;t want to wait until I&apos;m free on Tuesday, and I really can&apos;t blame her.
		It&apos;s a real pain not having a washing machine.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

