<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>Shaving &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Shaving</h1>
			<p>Day 01059: Monday, 2018 January 29</p>
		</header>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed I was cleaning out a huge motor home I&apos;d acquired and was setting it up for my personal use.
		The inside seemed bigger than the outsides, and there were several unexpected things in there, such as filing cabinets and computer systems.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Dental work</h2>
	<p>
		It seems when the dentist was talking about the filling in front being temporary and needing to revisit that tooth, they were referring to a lot longer out than I was expecting.
		They want to check that tooth out again in half a year; I was thinking of just a couple months.
	</p>
	<p>
		The work today went smoothly, but it seems I have a couple more visits to go before they finish drilling and filling.
		I&apos;m unsure why that can&apos;t be done all at once, but at least this isn&apos;t as traumatic as the extractions, so it&apos;s not really a bother.
		My only concern is that putting off the drilling/filling until the next appointment raises the risk of further erosion.
		My next appointment is on February sixth.
		I guess that&apos;ll be before this journal entry even goes live.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="makeshift">
	<h2>Makeshift music player</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve decided that for my more-sophisticated music player, I only even want to rename specific files and directories that are problematic.
		I&apos;d been considering including a hash of all original names and appending it to the file names, but when no characters need to be stripped, this isn&apos;t exactly necessary.
		When I went to implement this, the easiest way I found was to use <code>\str_replace()</code> to replace unsupported characters with an empty string.
		If I&apos;m using <code>\str_replace()</code> anyway, I might as well replace the characters with some sort of escape-sequence-like string, so that&apos;s what I did.
		In theory, I should&apos;ve encoded my escape character if I was going to do that, but I didn&apos;t.
		Doing so would either require an extra pass of name-alteration or would potentially cause filenames that needn&apos;t be modified to be modified anyway.
		It just wasn&apos;t worth the bother.
		As I said before, the name-alterations don&apos;t even need to be reversible.
		I just need to reduce the likelihood of name clashes caused when renaming while at the same time keeping the filenames recognisable enough that I can find what I&apos;m looking for.
	</p>
	<p>
		I also learned something about <abbr title="Virtual File Allocation Table">VFAT</abbr>, the version of <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> used by Android for the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card filesystem.
		<a href="https://superuser.com/questions/896946/why-mounted-vfat-volume-is-case-sensitive-partially">When filenames are too long to meet the 8.3 criteria, they&apos;re case <strong>*sensitive*</strong>.</a>
		Sweet!
		Windows covers this up by performing extra checks to ensure new files created don&apos;t have similarly-named counterparts with differing cases.
		However, Linux currently does not.
		That means that as long as moderate- to long-sized filenames are used, Linux allows users to take advantage of the case-sensitivity of this filesystem format.
		The person asking about it on the linked page considers it to be a bug in the Linux <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> driver, but if it acted any differently, I&apos;d consider it to be an anti-feature in the driver.
		It&apos;s not the driver&apos;s job to prevent the user from using perfectly-valid file names to mimic a poorly-thought-out feature in a more-popular operating system.
		Seriously.
		Case-insensitivity is stupid.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="shaving">
	<h2>The experiment</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve been meaning to try an experiment for a while: shaving.
		Why do girls shave their legs?
		Just enjoy your natural form!
		Shaving is stupid, right?
	</p>
	<p>
		I haven&apos;t had time to try it myself really, but with school starting back up soon, I&apos;m running out of time to just relax and wind down from last term.
		I think I&apos;ll mostly take the next couple days off.
		After my dental appointment, I took a relaxing bath, and during it, I decided to try out shaving.
		I decided to only shave one leg though, so I could more easily see the difference.
		And wow, what a difference it makes.
		My leg looks ... younger, I guess?
		And certainly more refined; less rugged.
		It&apos;s the same as with my face.
		It feels nicer too, aside from when I rub the upward against the stubble.
		I think I like this.
		I might change my mind in the next while, so I&apos;ll leave the other leg alone for now, but I&apos;ll likely make shaving them both a regular thing.
		And probably my arms as well.
		I wonder though if there&apos;s a way to reduce the stubble issue.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="errands">
	<h2>Errands</h2>
	<p>
		It&apos;s true I think I&apos;m going to mostly relax for a couple days, but I do need to get a few things done.
		Tomorrow is Tuesday.
		That means I have my weekly trip to Bi-Mart.
		I should start keeping track of the winning digit each week to see if there&apos;s a pattern.
		I&apos;m obviously not going to win the big prizes, so if there&apos;s a pattern to the single-digit prize numbers, I&apos;ll be able to predict whether it&apos;s even worth making the trip.
		On busy weeks I&apos;m not going to win, I can stay home ans study.
		On slow weeks, I can head in whether I&apos;ll win or not just for the exercise.
	</p>
	<p>
		I forgot to pick up my rent cheque last week too, so I need to pick one up while I&apos;m out.
		I&apos;d also like to talk with a representative at the mobile store that sells the model I&apos;m using as a music player.
		(They probably quit carrying this model, but it still bears their logo, so maybe they&apos;ll help.)
		The device refuses to allow me to specify just a single song to play.
		I can specify an album, or I can add single songs and albums to the currently-playing list, but to even <strong>*start*</strong> the currently-playing list, I have to specify an entire album or artist&apos;s collection to use.
		That&apos;s just idiotic.
		I&apos;m doubting there&apos;s a way around it, but it doesn&apos;t hurt to ask.
		After that, I should get my laundry washed for the coming week.
	</p>
	<p>
		I feel like there are other errands I need to run tomorrow in that trip, but I can&apos;t for the life of me recall what they are.
		I&apos;d love to avoid needing to make a second trip later.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="drudgery">
	<h2>University drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		Okay, so I&apos;ve been dealing with a couple people at the school about the continued ambassador group issue.
		I haven&apos;t been discussing it here in my journal for a couple reasons though.
		First of all, I recently went back through my journal and found old pages oozing with toxicity.
		I don&apos;t want to be toxifying more new pages than I have to.
		Second, I don&apos;t have much need to detox, or vent to the journal.
		Discussing these school issues is actually causing me more stress than it resolves.
		Anyway ...
	</p>
	<p>
		It seems the school&apos;s walled garden within the Microsoft social network allows students in using their own email addresses once they&apos;ve been sent an invitation, but it doesn&apos;t give them as much access as they need.
		Some groups, such as the ambassador group, only allow students in when they&apos;re using the secondary accounts associated with their school-assigned email addresses.
		I may or may not have written about that already.
		I don&apos;t recall, so I figured I&apos;d write about it again here just to be safe.
		And why do schools assign their own email addresses to students?
		This is stupid.
		Is it just a way to get students to spread the word about the school by spreading the school&apos;s domain?
	</p>
	<p>
		Okay, so having learned of this situation from the first person I was dealing with, I proceeded to tell them about the name change and how, being a gender issue, using my then-current university email address wasn&apos;t an option, as the address contained my birth name instead of my real (and also legal) name.
		I continued, asking how to get my university email address updated to correct the problem.
		So what do they do?
		They explain how to update my main email address on file with the university; the one they won&apos;t let me use to join the ambassador group with.
		Um.
		Really?
		I guess they thought this was what I was asking about, but you&apos;d have to be a complete and total moron to think that.
		Why would I suddenly jump ship on the topic at hand, to ask about an unrelated issue that happens to also involve email addresses?
		Clearly, they weren&apos;t following the fact that the university-assigned email address was the one I had to use, despite being the one to tell me I had to use it.
		If the person in charge of the ambassador program can&apos;t even follow their own bouncing ball, it&apos;s no wonder I lost touch with the program so quickly.
		I thought maybe I&apos;d somehow missed the fact that most communications would be via this social network, but it likely wasn&apos;t made clear at all.
		Anyway, once they understood the problem, they redirected me, asking me to ask my academic advisor to help.
	</p>
	<p>
		My academic advisor is usually pretty good, so I&apos;ll give them the benefit of the doubt this time.
		They didn&apos;t seem to listen to the problem as I described it, and came to the wrong conclusion.
		After reiterating and re-emphasising, they appeared to have a firm grasp on the issue at hand.
		They pretty much backed up what the first person had told me, that I couldn&apos;t use my primary account, and said they&apos;d try to get the university-assigned email address fixed.
		It took a few days, as they ostensibly had to delegate to other people who manage the email accounts, but they got back to me today saying the email address was fixed.
		They gave me a new email address and new temporary password, so I assumed it was a new account.
		I entered it into my KeePassX database as such, though upon logging in, I found it was the same account, updated.
		That&apos;s exactly what they should have done, for a multitude of reasons.
		When I went to delete the old entry for the account, I found something interesting though: a note about the password length being capped at sixteen characters.
		When password lengths are capped or passwords appear to be unhashed, I make a note of it.
		Over a year ago, when I first was given the account, Microsoft was capping password lengths there to sixteen characters.
		Ouch.
		My new password is sixty-four characters long though, the maximum the Debian 9 version of KeePassX will do.
		(Debian 8&apos;s version had no limit, if I recall.)
		That was a major security issue, in my opinion, but at least Microsoft fixed it at some point.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="domains">
	<h2>The domain name search has ended</h2>
	<p>
		I decided not to experiment with the domain name.
		I want a fairly stable name to use with shared and potentially-shared services that might last, such as <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> and public projects.
		I tried out some partly-random names before work, mostly combining words that sounded good with the word &quot;project&quot; or &quot;collective&quot;.
		Nothing was really panning out though.
		At work, I decided on a cool domain name that wasn&apos;t at all random, but was likely taken.
		Thankfully, when I got home, I found the exact match I wanted was available!
		The <code>//com.</code> variant is registered, but doesn&apos;t seem to be in use.
		It doesn&apos;t even have a parking website attached to it, though it might be used for non-Web services.
		In any case, it seems unlikely a domain squatter has it.
		I was leaning toward an <code>//org.</code> domain though, and given the <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr> I came up with, I think <code>//net.</code> would be more appropriate.
		The name under both <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>s is available.
		I tried a shorter variant as well; not that I wanted it, but I thought I&apos;d see if the name was in use and I should choose another instead.
		It seems the <code>//net.</code> version of the short domain has a squatter, while the <code>//com.</code> and <code>//org.</code> versions are registered, but with no website.
		In any case, I don&apos;t think the name&apos;s seeing any major use, so I shouldn&apos;t run into problems using the name myself.
	</p>
	<p>
		I considered purchasing the domain at the start of the coming term.
		That&apos;d give me a couple days to mull it over, and maybe begin setting up a website for it.
		I need a <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr>, which will host the website, but also other services such as <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> and, if I ever get around to it, Minetest.
		After thinking on it most of the day at work, I realised I don&apos;t want the date of registration aligned with the start of the term though.
		If I register it then, that date will forever be etched into the domain&apos;s whois record.
		Any random date would be better than one based on the school.
		Instead, I think I&apos;ll wait a little over a month, and register on the renewal date for my personal domain.
		It&apos;s an anniversary, and anniversaries are stupid to base things off of, but it&apos;ll allow me to only have one renewal date to remember to pay by.
		Maybe it&apos;s stupid to wait and potentially lose the domain, but I&apos;m not comfortable committing with less than even a day to decide for sure.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

