<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Another broken key &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2018/01-January/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Another broken key</h1>
			<p>Day 01060: Tuesday, 2018 January 30</p>
		</header>
<section id="errands">
	<h2>Running errands</h2>
	<p>
		The Bi-Mart lucky ending digit for this week was 8.
		Last week, it was 4.
	</p>
	<p>
		The mobile shop was unable to help.
		It took forever to get the representative to understand the problem, and when they finally did, they didn&apos;t see how it could possibly be a problem.
		They also said there was no workaround, it&apos;s just how the player functionality works.
		Maybe I should connect it to the network long enough to install F-Droid and find a better player on it.
	</p>
	<p>
		While I was out, I picked up four cans of vegetable juice.
		I got charged a deposit!
		What a pain.
		It seems that because people are too lazy and inconsiderate to recycle their cans, we&apos;ve now got to go through the added effort of lugging them back to the store.
		And you can bet the convenience stores won&apos;t be taking them, as they don&apos;t sell them, so I&apos;ve got to lug them even further.
		Joy.
		From what I can gather online though, they shouldn&apos;t be charging a deposit on these.
		<a href="http://www.oregon.gov/olcc/docs/bottle_bill/bottle_bill_faqs.pdf">Cans that require a tool to open (for example, a can opener) are exempt from the bottle bill.</a>
		<em>*sigh*</em>
		I guess I shouldn&apos;t bring it up to them that they made a mistake though.
		It&apos;s a pain for me, but maybe it&apos;ll get more cans recycled and more metal reused.
		I need to hold onto my receipts though, in case they try to go back on this and not give me my deposit back.
		Actually, never mind.
		It seems I&apos;ve already misplaced it.
		I might&apos;ve lost it when I pulled it out to talk with customer service about a different accidental overcharge.
		Next time though.
	</p>
	<p>
		My new U-lock has been rusting.
		The old one was difficult to work with from the start, but this one was functional before the rust.
		I was just thinking today that at least this lock&apos;s key has a sturdier build - none of this hollow key crap - so even though I had to wrestle with the lock, at least I could still make it work.
		I was considering hitting up the bike shop later to ask what they suggested, thinking they&apos;d likely tell me to use some sort of lube.
		At my final stop though, I couldn&apos;t open the lock, and the key broke off.
		Again.
		Joy.
		The key may not be hollow like the other one, but it&apos;s also stupidly not solid metal.
		A bike lock shouldn&apos;t be sold in this half of the state if it can&apos;t stand up to a little wet weather.
		That&apos;s all we get around here.
		All I can think is that it&apos;s lucky it broke when it did.
		If it&apos;d instead broken off one use later or one earlier ... the bike&apos;d be locked up again with no way to get it off.
		Just like last time.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m done with these U-locks for now.
		I&apos;ve had nothing but trouble with them.
		Tomorrow, maybe I&apos;ll walk down to the bike shop, explain the issue, and ask what they recommend.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2018 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2018%2F01-January%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

