<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/02.xhtml"/>
		<title>A fallen tree and berry vines &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/02.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/02.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/01.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/03.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A fallen tree and berry vines</h1>
			<p>Day 00514: <time>Tuesday, 2016 August 02</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	In my tiredness last night, I kind of jumbled some things in my head before writing my journal entry.
	The plan was never for me to go up on the roof to de-moss; my mother fears that my coordination is lacking and that I could fall off and break something and/or die.
	My mother&apos;s a bit hesitant to go up there themselves though, and is now considering hiring someone to do it for us.
	Instead of taking shifts on roof work, the actual plan was to tack shifts with the safer power washer, using it to clean the porches.
</p>
<p>
	My mother stopped me from sorting boxes once I had the room just off the entryway about half cleared out.
	They&apos;d managed to consolidate a lot of stuff in the living room, which is right near the back door.
	Instead of moving the things on the back porch to the room off the entryway, we moved them into the living room.
	While sorting boxes from the room off the entryway, I kept finding boxes of books, but our book room was too crowded at first to accept more boxes, so I also spent a lot of time reorganizing those boxes to make room for more.
</p>
<p>
	I hacked a bit at the fallen tree and berry vines in the back yard, hoping to make progress at cleaning that up.
	It probably predates this journal, but the tree in our back yard fell over one winter when it was overburdened by ice, a strange occurrence here in Springfield.
	With the tree now taking up most of our half of the yard, blackberry vines started using the tree as a bracing structure for their own growth.
	The entirety of our half of the back yard is filled with unpassable plantlife and has been for quite a while.
	While we thought that the thick layers of ice had killed the fallen tree, we found out that spring that it hadn&apos;t, and while the tree is clearly on its side, it continues to thrive.
	With no way to right it though, that tree&apos;s going to have to be removed in preparation for selling the house.
	As I hacked at the vines and tree, my mother reminded me of the pit present in the yard as well.
	That pit was to be made into a pond, but that didn&apos;t work out.
	Now as we prepare to sell the house, the pit will need to be filled in.
	My mother says that the pit prevents us from keeping the yard maintained, as we can&apos;t just mow it to keep the berry vines at bay.
	They say that we probably need to hire someone to clear out this mess as well, as attacking vines that spring out of the pit isn&apos;t feasible and if we manage to hack up the tree, we&apos;ve got nowhere to haul it (or the vines) off to.
	My efforts futile, I stopped hacking at the vines fairly soon.
</p>
<p>
	While I was still trying to make progress on the yard, I spotted our old latter, which was on the porch just off my mother&apos;s bedroom, but had become obscured by the fallen tree.
	My mother was a bit frustrated to have bought the new ladder when we still had one available.
	Ostensibly, this ladder wasn&apos;t the same kind though, as previously, my mother mentioned having always wanted one of this type.
	Then again, my assumptions could be wrong, as my mother is known for forgetfulness.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F02.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

