<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>Countdown to domain expiration &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Countdown to domain expiration</h1>
			<p>Day 00515: Wednesday, 2016 August 03</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I spent most of the day power washing the back porch.
	I wasn&apos;t quite able to finish though, as my mother had insisted that I secretly borrow our father&apos;s hose for the job and wanted it returned before they got home to notice.
	I will need to finish the job tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	The Samsung GT-I727 made it back to the seller today and they said that they&apos;ll issue a refund within five days.
	That mess is finally taken care of, though it&apos;d be nice if they&apos;d actually been able to send the GT-I3100 that they&apos;d promised on the product page.
	Additionally, we&apos;ve been having issues trying to keep my mother&apos;s computer connected to the Internet through the carrier-provided device.
	If the device wasn&apos;t blocking basic tethering, it&apos;d be easy to set up properly, but as-is, I had to hack together a solution involving several components, any of which could be the cause of the issue.
	I finally managed to stabilize the connection, actually bypassing that strange <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy application that I added to the device the other day to set up the connection.
	That application was important, as the setup instructions provided the information needed to connect to an <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy on the device from the desktop machine using <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr>, but other than that, isn&apos;t needed.
	The fact is, Orbot has a built-in, secret <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy, so as long as you know that that proxy is running on port 8118, you don&apos;t need a second <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> proxy to be installed.
	I simply forwarded a desktop port to that mobile port directly.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that the SuperTux bug that I reported the other day <a href="https://github.com/SuperTux/data/issues/13#event-743791130">has been fixed</a>.
	Additionally, I&apos;ve been sent a reminder that <a href="/en/domains/ystyst.mp.xhtml"><code>//ystyst.mp.</code></a> is expiring in sixty days.
	The registry will probably contact me a few more times about this as time progresses, but I have no intention of renewing it.
	That domain was only purchased in error.
</p>
<p>
	My mother dropped me off at the laundromat to wash our clothes, then took off with Vanessa to do other things while I waited, as there was no point in the three of us all wasting time there.
	I probably should have taken the opportunity to do something productive on my laptop, but I don&apos;t seem to have any motivation to do such when I&apos;m there.
	The atmosphere there doesn&apos;t lend itself well to productivity.
	Tomorrow, my mother has another job interview tomorrow, this time in Salem, so I&apos;ll try to be more productive while they&apos;re away.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

