<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Rescuing a crushed hose, cleaning an upholstered chair, and attempting to set up a Wi-Fi dongle &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Rescuing a crushed hose, cleaning an upholstered chair, and attempting to set up a Wi-Fi dongle</h1>
			<p>Day 00516: <time>Thursday, 2016 August 04</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I am not comfortable borrowing items from people without their knowledge and without their permission.
	I spotted a hose trapped under the fallen tree and vines in the back yard yesterday while I was power washing, so I made it my goal for the day to rescue the hose and prevent the further need to jack my father&apos;s hose.
	It turns out that a large branch that was supporting the tree was lying right on top of the hose, crushing it, so I feared that the hose would have become too leaky to be of any good.
	Once the hose was free, I hooked it up to the power washer to find out how damaged the hose actually was, and found that it&apos;d survived remarkably well; the water pressure restored the hose&apos;s rightful shape and no visible leaking occurred.
	I think that the tree actually protected the hose more than it harmed it, blocking the sun&apos;s destructive rays from hitting the hose nearly as much as they otherwise would have.
	With everything working correctly, I finished power washing the back porch.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa cut themself shaving, but didn&apos;t notice until they&apos;d bled on our mother&apos;s new second-hand chair.
	They tried to clean it off, but that didn&apos;t co as expected, as attempting to clean off the blood spots only made them that much larger.
	They had me take a look, and much to our surprise, the upholstered chair was actually covered in an unnoticeable layer of dirt.
	The large spots on the chair weren&apos;t smeared blood - they were clean spots! Vanessa worried that our mother might have wanted the chair to be the color that they&apos;d purchased the chair as, but neither of us had any way to revert the chair to it&apos;s former state.
	I scrubbed the rest of the chair to make the whole thing clean, thereby removing the spots.
	As I though, our mother wasn&apos;t upset about the color change when they got home, but they also didn&apos;t go take a look at it.
	Still, clean is better than dirty, so I never expected there to be a problem.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother liked the school in Salem.
	They really want to live in Salem, saying that Salem has the same feel as Springfield but is a bit further from our father.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa, our mother, and I headed to the store to get a Wi-Fi dongle for our mother, as apparently, they apparently understand the concept of Wi-Fi dongles better than Wi-Fi cards.
	The Wi-Fi card is of course a much better option, as that option doesn&apos;t involve blocking the laptop&apos;s one and only <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> port and the Wi-Fi card slot probably offers better speeds than the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> port, but once our mother gets strange ideas in their head, there&apos;s no arguing with them.
	Quite frankly, I&apos;m not the one dealing with the machine either, so it&apos;s not my problem if my mother wants to go with the more frustrating option.
	Once we had it home, I attempted to set up the Wi-Fi dongle for them, but that didn&apos;t go well.
	First, the Wi-Fi dongle insisted that it required a Windows update before it&apos;d support encrypted Wi-Fi networks.
	This machine&apos;s running Windows XP, I&apos;m not even sure if such an update even still exists.
	After much frustration, I managed to get Java and Android tools set up, but <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> refused to cooperate.
	With no pseudo-tethering and no Wi-Fi, I wasn&apos;t able to even try to update the machine and had to give up for the night.
	I also tried setting up my own supposedly-free Wi-Fi dongle on the machine, but even with the driver installed, the machine doesn&apos;t seem to recognize the hardware.
	Our mother says that there&apos;s an open Wi-Fi access point at the corner of our block, so I&apos;ll try using it to update the machine in the morning.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

