<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>Replying to Bandcamp &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Replying to Bandcamp</h1>
			<p>Day 00518: <time>Saturday, 2016 August 06</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Like yesterday, today should have been productive, but it really wasn&apos;t.
	Instead, Vanessa and I went on a scavenger hunt.
	We found all but one of the items on our list, and it wasn&apos;t even the one we were expecting not to find.
	Vanessa and I did get some work done today though; we cleaned up the front lawn a bit.
</p>
<p>
	My laptop&apos;s power cord is taped beyond recognition from all the repairs I&apos;ve made on it as it&apos;s broken down.
	Today, it outright died, but rather than try to tape it back together and fix it, I decided to let it go.
	I pulled out one of my spare cords, but it makes scary electrical noises when plugged into the wall! A third cord looked too frayed, so I didn&apos;t even bother with that one.
	Lastly, I found the cord that I&apos;d sent with my mother when they borrowed my laptop; it looks to be in great condition, but it&apos;s the last power cord that I have for this machine.
	I need to get at least one spare to have on hand for when this one inevitably gives up the ghost.
</p>
<p>
	I sent out an email today, forgetting that my mail provider&apos;s server wasn&apos;t allowing me to send mail for some reason.
	The problem seems to have been cleared up though, as mail is going through just fine now, so I sent my belated response to the Bandcamp support team.
	They had told me that I should bypass my proxy when dealing with the Bandcamp website to clear up the invalid <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> charges.
	The nerve! What makes them think that their website is somehow above other websites and somehow deserves to have proxyless connections made to it? So many people seem to think that rather than fixing the problems on their websites, they should simply instruct people not to use proxies.
	They continued on to explain that in addition to the <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address location detection, they use the address associated with one&apos;s PayPal account and the location information provided on one&apos;s profile.
	In my letter back to them today, I apologized for the delay, explained that my email provider&apos;s server was having issues when I&apos;d received their letter, and that because my mobile had been stolen, I wasn&apos;t able to get through my email provider&apos;s two-factor authentication mechanism and was unable to investigate that problem.
	I then told them my usual story about the network administrator setting up the proxy on the Wi-Fi router level, claiming that I cannot bypass it.
	This is of course untrue, but this story prevents people from continuing to insist that that I drop the proxy, as they think that I can&apos;t.
	I informed them of my dealings with PayPal and why I don&apos;t use an account to make a purchase, and of course that if they ever offer a non-PayPal payment processor as an option, I most likely won&apos;t be dealing with PayPal anymore at all, account or no account.
	Lastly, I explained that the problem with the profile location setting is that it&apos;s visible to everyone that views the profile; it&apos;s not used only for calculating <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> charges.
	As I told them, next time that I have the issue, I&apos;ll try setting my profile location temporarily, making the purchase, then setting it back, but permanently setting it to my location is a bad idea.
	That solution is less than ideal, but if it works, it works, and should be quicker than waiting for <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> to switch exit nodes.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

