<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>What&apos;s up with products not being as listed lately? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>What&apos;s up with products not being as listed lately?</h1>
			<p>Day 00520: Monday, 2016 August 08</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The mobile case that I ordered the other day was not as described on the product page.
	I knew that it likely wasn&apos;t waterproof, but it claimed to have a screen protector as part of the case.
	I double-checked the product page today to be sure.
	It says that the product is two pieces: a stylus and a protective case.
	It also says that it has a screen protector.
	While it doesn&apos;t directly say that the screen protector is built-in, it does say that there are only these two pieces; the screen protector must then either be a part of the case or a part of the stylus, but being a part of the stylus doesn&apos;t make any sense.
	Sure enough, the mentioned stylus is included, but the screen protector is not only a third piece, but a separate product within the shipping envelope.
	I tried to leave feedback warning people about the misleading product page, but eBay won&apos;t allow me to leave feedback without creating an account.
	I don&apos;t really feel like doing that at the moment, so I instead used the form to contact the seller.
	This form said that if the product wasn&apos;t as listed, my only solution was to request a refund, so that&apos;s what I did.
	The form said that if the seller doesn&apos;t respond by 2016-08-11, I can escalate this and have eBay step in to help.
	I will be doing that if the need arises.
	This isn&apos;t about the money, it&apos;s about having products listed as what they really are.
</p>
<p>
	I also emailed NextStep Recycling to see if they&apos;ve gotten any Wi-Fi cards in.
	Unfortunately, their email contact form didn&apos;t offer any form of confirmation, so I can&apos;t even be sure that it got through.
	I&apos;ll just have to hope for the best and perhaps try again later.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to test my <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card in my mother&apos;s old mobile, thinking that it might have a Wi-Fi hotspot function that could be used with my plan.
	It was a long shot, but no harm could be caused by trying.
	I found that the device is indeed not <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card locked, as it connected to the Internet, downloaded a notification, and received <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages from my carrier.
	However, as my mother had forgotten the screen lock <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr>, we weren&apos;t able to even attempt to set up the Wi-Fi hotspot with it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

