<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>University of [REDACTED] seems like a decent place to study! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> seems like a decent place to study!</h1>
			<p>Day 00521: <time>Tuesday, 2016 August 09</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I just received a letter from University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> today telling me that in two days, new student orientation will begin.
	It will end at the end of the month, and the next day, the beginning of next month, will begin the first term.
	The email also provided login credentials, recommending that I test them out right away.
	The log in credentials work as expected, which is certainly good to know now before the term starts, and the site seems to function well as far as I can tell.
	I figured that I might as well glance around, so I read through the listed software requirements to make sure that there wasn&apos;t going to be any issues.
	It seems that the university recommends (though does not require) that students use <a href="apt:firefox-esr">Firefox</a>.
	That&apos;s a free Web browser available on probably almost every platform, so no problem there.
	The only outright requirement is that one has an Internet connection and the ability to read and save <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> and DOC files.
	They don&apos;t seem to care what software you use to do so, and even outright <strong>*recommend*</strong> installing <a href="apt:libreoffice">LibreOffice</a> (or getting a Hotmail account, which apparently allows you to work with documents online) if one doesn&apos;t have Microsoft Office installed! These people are much more reasonable than my last school.
	My last school demanded that Microsoft Office be used, regardless of if it was even available for one&apos;s platform.
	They went so far as to demand a screenshot from every student showing the &quot;genuine product key verified&quot; page of Microsoft Office Word to be sure that you not only had it installed, but that you had gotten it through means that Microsoft deemed acceptable.
	I can see me doing much better here than there.
	University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> <strong>*did*</strong> link to the Adobe Reader page saying that <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr>-reading software could be gotten there, but it wasn&apos;t outright said that this was the only <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> reader to use; it seemed more like an assumption that it was the only one that anyone would <strong>*think*</strong> to use.
</p>
<p>
	Over the past while, I&apos;ve been working slowly and surely to pry my mother out of the clutches of Verizon.
	Verizon is constantly doing screwy things to my mother regarding their account, and now, seeing as we don&apos;t have Wi-Fi at home, my mother&apos;s data usage has gone through the roof.
	My mother had no idea that they&apos;d been using so much Wi-Fi in the past! The spike in data usage was in no way Verizon&apos;s fault, but the steep price of data <strong>*is*</strong>.
	I&apos;ve been telling my mother about two unlimited data plans that I know of that are cheaper then their current highly-limited plan.
	I&apos;ve been dropping the names &quot;T-Mobile&quot; and &quot;AT&amp;T&quot;, as these are two of the four real carriers in this country and my mother would recognize the names.
	However, my mother mentioned wanting to go in in person and get these plans in writing, so I had to explain that you can&apos;t get them through T-Mobile and AT&amp;T directly; you&apos;ve got to get them through &quot;MetroPCS&quot; and &quot;Cricket&quot;.
	This throughly confused them, so I had to explain that these were only shell companies and that the real companies are operating under different names with different plans just to make make money from those that want to pay less while still being able to charge more from those that want the name brands.
	I explained that Sprint is doing the same thing under the names &quot;Virgin Mobile&quot; and &quot;Boost Mobile&quot;, and to avoid making it seem like Verizon is the upfront one, I mentioned that Verizon probably has some alternate names under which they sell alternate plans as well.
	I don&apos;t remember what any such names are offhand, but I don&apos;t know why Verizon would be the only carrier not participating in such deceptive tactics.
	Mentioning Verizon was a mistake.
	My mother now wants to try to figure out what Verizon&apos;s alternate name/names is/are and take a look at the plans offered under that/those names instead.
	I was <strong>*so*</strong> close to costing Verizon a customer ...
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

