<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Gathering GSM carrier pamphlets &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Gathering <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr> carrier pamphlets</h1>
			<p>Day 00524: <time>Friday, 2016 August 12</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I was supposed to ask eBay to step in yesterday and help with the the seller of my new mobile case, as they still haven&apos;t written back to me, but between forgetting for the first part of the day and being busy later in the day, I decided to give them an extra day to respond.
	I still hadn&apos;t gotten a response today though, so I asked eBay for help.
	eBay said that they&apos;d get back to me within forty-eight hours, so I expected a two-day wait, but they got back to me within the day.
	They decided to settle the case in my favor and issue a full refund.
	They said to log into my PayPal account to receive the refund, but I didn&apos;t use a PayPal account to make the purchase.
	On PayPal&apos;s end, it had been an account-free transaction.
	I did receive a letter from PayPal, but the letter was written in Chinese or something for some reason.
	I couldn&apos;t read it! I&apos;ve reached out to PayPal support to try to get a translation of it.
	I&apos;m not sure why they decided to send the letter in Chinese though.
	My billing address is clearly in the United States, so the two most likely languages that I&apos;d be able to read are English and Spanish.
</p>
<p>
	While I remembered to deal with eBay support yesterday (just not right when I woke up) and decided to put that off for another day, I completely spaced it and forgot that my university orientation was supposed to begin yesterday as well.
	I logged into the school today and completed this week&apos;s orientation lesson up to the assigned readings.
	I&apos;ll complete the assigned readings tomorrow, then continue the next section of the orientation the next day.
</p>
<p>
	My mother left today for a job interview and a social event.
	They&apos;re not yet sure when they&apos;ll be getting back.
	Since they were gone, Vanessa and I took the opportunity to walk around town gathering <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr> carrier pamphlets.
	It might not be too late to get our mother off of Verizon and onto a <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr>-based carrier, provided that I can prove that the <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr>-based carriers have better deals.
	In particular, we needed the MetroPCS and Cricket plan pamphlets, but we grabbed any <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr> pamphlet that we could find.
	I&apos;ve sorted them into three groups too.
	The first group consists of the two pamphlets that we were aiming for.
	I think that these are the most appealing candidates.
	The second group consists of three almost-as-good plans, but each has a flaw of some sort.
	One plan is slightly cheaper, but is postpaid instead of prepaid.
	The other two are just as cheap as the main two plans, but have less high-speed data.
	The third and final group consists of every other <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr>-based carriers&apos; pamphlets that we could get.
	Depending on how much information my mother wants, I can easily provide concise or full information.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa and I also discussed the possibility of a new nickname for Vanessa.
	Our mother doesn&apos;t like that Vanesa prefers the name &quot;Vanessa&quot; over their legal name, so I&apos;ve got to avoid using that name when they&apos;re around.
	However, if we can somehow get the nickname &quot;Loch Ness monster&quot; to stick, I can call them &quot;Nessie&quot;.
	Our mother will think that it&apos;s a reference to the Loch Ness monster, but Vanessa and I will know that I mean it closer to &quot;&apos;Nessa&quot;, a shortened version of their preferred name.
	Getting the nickname &quot;Loch Ness monster&quot; to stick though is a bit of a long shot.
</p>
<p>
	<strong>*Note*:</strong> The original journal entry for this date was lost due to carelessness.
	It was reconstructed on <a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/19.xhtml">2016-08-19</a> and may not contain all of the information that the original journal entry had.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

