<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>FreedomPop isn&apos;t what they look like at first. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>FreedomPop isn&apos;t what they look like at first.</h1>
			<p>Day 00525: <time>Saturday, 2016 August 13</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother wants a telephone number that reaches me but cannot stand the fact that my telephone number changes once or twice each year.
	With the way that I use mobile service, there&apos;s no avoiding a number change, and my mother doesn&apos;t find home telephone service to be acceptable, even if that did somehow get around the number change issue (which I doubt that it would, especially if we keep moving around and switching homes).
	Porting numbers is absolutely not an option and I&apos;d rather not pay for a second line if I don&apos;t have to.
	I decided to try FreedomPop.
	They offer gratis service, though only in small quantities, and they seem to now be <abbr title="Global System for Mobile Communications">GSM</abbr>-compatible (previously, they only offered <abbr title="code division multiple access">CDMA</abbr>-based service).
	I purchased a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card from them that was supposed to be compatible with both T-Mobile and AT&amp;T devices, but after the payment was accepted, only <strong>*then*</strong> did they alert me to the fact that in order to place/receive calls/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> messages, a proprietary application would need to be installed.
	Without that application, this company only provides data service, and the amount of data provided each month is too small to be used for anything.
	With the right guide, it might, though not likely, be possible to get calling routed through the <abbr title="Session Initiation Protocol">SIP</abbr> feature of the telephone application, but I don&apos;t see any way to get <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service working, and <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service is what my mother obsesses over most.
	I tried to get ahold of FreedomPop to cancel the service, but they didn&apos;t write back.
	Maybe I can reach them tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I started working my way through the assigned reading of my school orientation today, but I didn&apos;t finish it as planned.
	It&apos;s not that there was a whole lot to read or that I didn&apos;t have the time though.
	I suppose I was just being lazy today.
	I could use cleaning up the porch as an excuse, but really, I had time to do both.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of cleaning up the porch, I&apos;ve now trimmed away all of the blackberry vines and tree branches that covered the porch just off my mother&apos;s bedroom and made it unusable.
	Likewise, I&apos;ve cut a path between that porch and the one behind the dining room so that I could carry things between the two.
	I&apos;ve removed all items from my mother&apos;s porch aside from what I believe to be a pond filter so that I can power wash it tomorrow.
	The pond filter is far too heavy for me to lift.
	I guess I&apos;ll just have to wash around the filter until I can figure out how to wash under it.
	My job for tomorrow will be to complete the power washing aside from this spot under the filter.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

