<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>A strange growth on the cat &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A strange growth on the cat</h1>
			<p>Day 00528: Tuesday, 2016 August 16</p>
		</header>
<p>
	The power washer continues to act up today.
	I&apos;m not sure what the deal with it is.
</p>
<p>
	My mother and I took a trip to the recycling center to try to find a Wi-Fi dongle for their $10 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> laptop that we picked up at a yard sale the other day.
	Vanessa asked me to look for a Windows/OS X laptop there to use only for syncing and reading their new pedometer, but we both knew that even the Linux machines there are more expensive than that, so I didn&apos;t find one.
	We did find a Wi-Fi dongle, but we weren&apos;t able to test it until we got home due to the short life span of the laptop&apos;s battery.
	It turned out not to function though.
	It&apos;s really odd too, as the paper insert that came with the Wi-Fi dongle specifically mentions functioning with Windows XP, which is running on that machine.
	Oh well, I suppose we&apos;ll just need to return the dongle then.
	While we were at the recycling center, I should have looked for replacement power cords for <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml"><code>//newdawn.local.</code></a>, but I didn&apos;t think of that until after we&apos;d left.
</p>
<p>
	I managed to sneak a look at the receipt from my mother&apos;s recent pedometer purchases.
	They cost $60 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> each! That&apos;s a pretty expensive gift to buy someone that&apos;s you don&apos;t even know will want the thing! That doesn&apos;t take into account either the fact that I&apos;ve actively expressed <strong>*disinterest*</strong> in it.
	Speaking of the pedometers, Vanessa started researching inexpensive mobile devices to try to find one to use with their new pedometer.
	I had told them that I know where to get them for $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> each, but maybe they wanted to find one even cheaper than that.
	In any case, our father wouldn&apos;t stop pestering Vanessa to figure out what they were doing online, and when Vanessa finally broke down and told them, they decided to dig through their stuff to locate one of their old mobile devices.
	Reportedly, Vanessa asked them several times to stop, but they wouldn&apos;t stop until they&apos;d located the device and pressured Vanessa into taking it.
	Of course, our mother is offended that our father would be involved with the pedometer that our mother purchased.
	With both parents being control freaks about this, Vanessa&apos;s not seeing any way to win besides to simply not play.
	They&apos;re again considering returning the pedometer to avoid further strife.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that my auto-pay credit from Cricket kicked in yesterday, so I&apos;m now free to turn off auto-pay.
	Now that that&apos;s turned off, the countdown to the end of my mobile service through them can commence.
	The coming month has been payed for.
	After that month, if all goes as it did last time, Cricket will shut off my voice features (which I don&apos;t use) and my outgoing <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> feature (which I also don&apos;t use).
	Effectively, I&apos;ll be getting a gratis month of data usage, along with incoming <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>.
	I don&apos;t need <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service, but hey, gratis data will be nice.
	After both months have passed, my service through them will come to an end and I will be free to switch to T-Mobile.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> Project teeshirt team that contacted me yesterday wrote back with unexpected news.
	It sounds like regardless of the fact that my node is down, they want to send me a teeshirt once I have a stable address! At first, I thought that they were waiting until I had my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> node back up (though it didn&apos;t sound like I need to get my two-month streak back).
	However, after thinking on it a while, I realized that they are probably waiting because I said that I&apos;m in the middle of a move! They probably think that I don&apos;t have a postal address that I can keep for long enough for the shirt to arrive.
	It&apos;s true that I&apos;m in the middle of a move and don&apos;t have even basic Internet access, but I do have a stable enough postal address to accept packages, I think.
	Then again, the school year is quickly approaching.
	Whether my mother has found a job or not, we need to get moved to somewhere quickly.
	Otherwise, Vanessa will need to change schools mid-year.
	In any case, I don&apos;t mind waiting for the shirt.
	I might even wait to let them know that I&apos;ve moved until I have my two-month streak back.
</p>
<p>
	My university program advisor also contacted me today to introduce themself.
	I should keep their email address on hand in case anything comes up.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa was playing with Frances and spotted a strange growth on Frances&apos; toe.
	That can&apos;t be good.
	Our mother thinks that it&apos;s nothing to be worried about and seems to think that it might be just toe skin that&apos;s gotten a bit inflamed or something.
	Another possibility that they brought up, and one that seems more likely,is that it&apos;s a skin tag.
	If that&apos;s the case, it could be bad or it could be nothing.
	There&apos;s not much that we can do though, as we can&apos;t afford a veterinary bill right now.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

