<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>I could&apos;ve gotten to the post office today ... &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I could&apos;ve gotten to the post office today ...</h1>
			<p>Day 00534: <time>Monday, 2016 August 22</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	The shirts that I washed yesterday seem to have come out perfectly.
	The socks, not so much.
	They&apos;re stiff, showing that I didn&apos;t manage to get all the dirt out of them.
	At least they&apos;re better than before though.
	I can live with this.
</p>
<p>
	The third &quot;GT-i9100&quot; has shipped today.
	It was listed as both the GT-i9100 and the GT-i9100M, so hopefully, the device is as listed and is one of these two models.
	If it isn&apos;t, I might just give up on getting a GT-i9100 and instead try to get ahold of another GT-i9300.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, my mother was very clear that we&apos;d be leaving in the morning to run errands.
	This was because they wanted to grab a Mexican desert that had sold out yesterday.
	The thought was that if we left early enough, the restaurant wouldn&apos;t have sold out yet today.
	However, we didn&apos;t leave early at all.
	In fact, I had enough time before we left to walk to the post office to drop off the GT-i9100G and walk back, without even hurrying, before we left.
	However, as I didn&apos;t know this, I didn&apos;t get the package dropped off at all.
	I couldn&apos;t ask my mother how long they were planning to wait before leaving either, as my mother would have started acting strange again about my running errands on foot and not accepting a dedicated ride from them.
	When we finally left to run errands, the restaurant had sold out of their desert again.
	There was a reason that we were supposed to leave early.
</p>
<p>
	When we went to speak with Verizon, it went mostly as I had expected it to.
	They managed to convince my mother to stay with Verizon somehow, despite the fact that Verizon is over-charging my mother for a sub-par amount of data.
	The only other option that I saw happening was that my mother would leave Verizon.
	The option that my mother was seeking, a huge discount from Verizon, was never even a possibility.
	One thing good did come of the trip though.
	We brought up the fact that my mother&apos;s iPhone is guzzling data for things that don&apos;t require a data connection, such as voicemail retrieval and messaging, and the representative confirmed that this is just a thing that iPhones do.
	It cannot be used in any way to retrieve voicemail messages without using data, unlike Androids, which do it over the voice connection.
	That said, at the very least, I believe that there is a telephone number that you can call to retrieve voicemail messages from the iPhone; calling that number is what Android does behind the scenes when you hold down the digit one on the dialer.
	The representative also tried to show us how to disable iMessage so that regular <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> and <abbr title="Multimedia Messaging Service">MMS</abbr> would be used, but I had already done that for my mother several days prior.
	The representative tried to claim that the iPhone is a data guzzler because it&apos;s a first-fate device while the androids are able to have the same functionalities without eating up the data allowance because they&apos;re second-rate devices, but that makes zero sense to me.
	I&apos;m not sure if my mother was convinced, but hopefully, they instead saw the truth: it&apos;s the iPhones that are really second rate.
	In the iPhone world, there&apos;s no competition to drive up features and down prices.
	In the iPhone world, there&apos;s no freedom of choice, either between vendors or between places to get applications from.
	In the iPhone world, there&apos;s no sense of doing what makes the most sense for your use case; instead, data is consumed all the time in an effort to make things pretty instead of functional.
	While we were at the Verizon store, we also asked about my mother&apos;s locked iPhone.
	It <a href="/weblog/2016/08-August/08.xhtml">won&apos;t accept the <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr></a> and let us in, which is really strange.
	My mother insists that they know the old <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> and that it matches the <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> on their new device, but that doesn&apos;t seem to actually be the case.
	The Verizon representative informed us that they can&apos;t reset the device and that only an Apple store can do that.
</p>
<p>
	My old domain name registrar wrote back admitting that their policies are a pain to deal with and saying that they hope to have better policies in place in the future.
	They have not actually admitted that they are in the wrong, but perhaps they actually are learning something from our little back and forth.
</p>
<p>
	I spoke with Cricket about getting my device unlocked They want me to wait until the first of next month to get the unlock code.
	That&apos;s nine days past when their unlocking terms say that I need to wait.
	If I were staying with Cricket, I&apos;d fight this, but as I&apos;m leaving, I have the time to kill.
	I have a full month of paid service in which my device should be unlockable, but in which I also won&apos;t be needing to activate a new one.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother has an interview in Beaverton tomorrow and wanted Vanessa and I to head up to Gresham with them tonight.
	What possible purpose for our coming up with them is there? This delays the sending back of the GT-i9100G by at least another couple days, which is frustrating.
	Furthermore, there&apos;s nothing in Gresham for Vanessa and I to get done.
	Because we&apos;re going to be in the area, we might be helping my pibling build their patio.
	We were going to bring the older of our two ladders to use as scaffolding, but my pibling declined that offer.
</p>
<p>
	On the way to Vivian&apos;s apartment to stay the night, we picked up a pair of mobile devices, one for Vanessa and one for Vivian.
	Vivian doesn&apos;t want a smartphone, so I have no idea why my mother chose to give them one of those over a new flip telephone, but a new device was needed to set up service with a new carrier.
	To save some money, our mother wants to get Vivian moved to a TracFone account, but still wants to keep their own overpriced Verizon service.
	We couldn&apos;t find any of the specific device that we were looking for for Vanessa, a device that the website of the manufacturer of their proprietary pedometer said was compatible, so we bought two of the same smartphone and hoped that it would be compatible.
	The proprietary pedometer website doesn&apos;t neither confirms nor denies that this device is compatible, but Vanessa wants to wait until tomorrow to test it instead of figuring out where we stand on the situation tonight.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

