<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>We need to get moved. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>We need to get moved.</h1>
			<p>Day 00535: Tuesday, 2016 August 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Vanessa dropped on me that the plan here in Gresham was to stay for two to three days ....
	our mother never told me that, and I didn&apos;t prepare for it.
	Out of paranoia, I did bring my old, unactivated, T-Mobile <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card in case we end up staying for two months, but only because I couldn&apos;t stand not having an Internet connection for a prolonged period of time and because the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card was too tiny to be any hassle.
	If we were to be here for a while, I should have brought that package containing the GT-i9100G that I need to get sent back.
</p>
<p>
	My mother went to their Beaverton, but they didn&apos;t get the job.
</p>
<p>
	When they got back to the apartment, Vanessa, our mother, and I headed out to the house of Ken, our mother&apos;s sibling and Vanessa&apos;s and my pibling.
	It wasn&apos;t really a four-person job, so our mother sent Vanessa and me in and out of the heat.
	Vanessa and I got to work trying to set up Vanessa&apos;s new mobile to work with the proprietary pedometer.
	The application installed just fine, but the proprietary pedometer wouldn&apos;t sync with the device.
	Eventually, we gave up, and I went out to help with the work outside.
	There really wasn&apos;t much to do though.
	Ken needed to screw support boards up top for the roof, but being out of shape, couldn&apos;t lift them very well.
	My mother had been doing the lifting, as they aren&apos;t that heavy, so I wasn&apos;t really needed.
	I lifted a couple up too, but in all honesty, there was no reason for me to there.
</p>
<p>
	My mother is upset about my eating habits again, this time that I don&apos;t eat nutritious meals.
	As I explained to them though, they get really weird when I cook, claiming that everything that I cook smells bad! I can&apos;t appease their overpowered schnoz and still get proper nutrition.
	They even complain about the scent of my salads, which are pretty much just bagged salad mix with Italian salad dressing! They never have any specific issue with the scent either, they just claim that it&apos;s unpleasant.
	Simply put, they get angry when I cook, so I don&apos;t cook; instead, I eat whatever I can that is both tolerable to me and has as little scent as possible for them.
	They claim that I&apos;m just trying to blame them, but the fact is, I got pretty good nutrition when I was making mixed vegetable soup on a daily basis, and I felt a lot better than I do now.
	Now though, my mother decided to get a bit more specific.
	Instead of claiming that my cooking &quot;smells bad&quot;, they&apos;re saying that it smells too much of garlic.
	I hardly ever use garlic when cooking, so I have no idea what they&apos;re talking about.
	I&apos;ll try eliminating whatever garlic does exist in my diet, and perhaps eliminate onion as well, and see if this fixes their problem.
	If not, I&apos;ll ask them to again state specifically what the problem is.
	My mother has agreed to try smelling the soup again next time I make it, so we might actually get somewhere on that front.
</p>
<p>
	It&apos;s been several months and I still haven&apos;t activated that <a href="/en/weblog/2015/12-December/25.xhtml">TracFone service card</a> that I bought.
	Today, we used it to activate Vivian&apos;s new service on the device that Vanessa tried to use to sync the proprietary pedometer with the proprietary pedometer server.
	I was fearful that my service card would have expired by now, as I&apos;d heard that the service cards stop working if you don&apos;t activate them soon enough.
	However, the card was still valid, and we (Unfortunately) ported Vivian&apos;s old telephone number from the Verizon account.
	Vivian didn&apos;t care if the number was ported or not, but our mother was strongly against Vivian getting a new telephone number.
	As for Vanessa, I talked Cyrus into giving Vanessa the device that I&apos;d given them as we moved, the mobile that I&apos;d planned to set up with that service card.
	That device was one of the models that the proprietary pedometer website said was compatible.
	We will return the unopened second new mobile device to the store when we get a chance.
</p>
<p>
	It sounds like we need to get moved within the week so that Vanessa is able to start high school in our new location.
	We will be looking for a storage unit and housing tomorrow, then head back to Springfield.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

