<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>The GT-i9100M runs Replicant! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The GT-i9100M runs Replicant!</h1>
			<p>Day 00537: <time>Thursday, 2016 August 25</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	We began the day by moving furniture outside.
	We were going to rent a moving van, but my mother decided to take the minivan instead.
	We got three minivan loads of stuff into the storage unit, much of which was shelves and tables, so we can stack boxes on them later.
</p>
<p>
	On one trip, on the way to the storage unit, my mother stopped at the post office.
	If they&apos;d let me know, I could have brought the GT-i9100G with me so I could get that sent back as well, but I&apos;m never kept in the loop on these things.
	Our goal in going there was to check on the security deposit refund check supposedly sent by the landlords, but the landlords said that the post office was refusing to deliver it.
	It turns out that the check had somehow been caught in the mail after all, though the postal worker was able to easily retrieve it for us.
	They claimed that the envelope had been all over the country, visiting all the wrong Springfields.
	They said that there are seven Springfields in the United States and that the machines can&apos;t read print.
	THe postal worker showed us at the bottom of the envelope where machines had added several barcodes on top of one another, each denoting a different Springfield that it&apos;d visited.
	I found this hard to believe though, and it looked to me like the machines had put the same barcode in the same place several times, blurring it beyond machine recognition.
	If there was an issue with the address, I don&apos;t think that it was that there are too many Springfields (though I&apos;m not denying that there are in fact too many Springfields).
	Just as a side note, there are actually far more than seven <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Springfield#United_States">Springfields in the United States</a>.
	While we were there, I asked about my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card, which was supposed to arrive in the mail about two months ago.
	The postal worker blamed the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr>, saying that anyone that&apos;s moved in the past four months and updated their address on file with the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> has been experiencing this issue.
</p>
<p>
	The GT-i9100M arrived today; both the sticker behind the battery and the boot screen confirmed that it is indeed the GT-i9100M.
	Finally, someone sent me the device that I actually paid for.
	I had read somewhere that the GT-i9100M might not install the custom recovery correctly without first installing the Samsung-provided update, which alters not only the system but also the bootloader, so I tried to update the device.
	The device said that no update is available, so I assume that the update had already been installed by the previous owner; this is, after all, a second-hand device.
	I tested the back camera, which seemed to work well.
	After that, I proceeded with the <a href="https://redmine.replicant.us/projects/replicant/wiki/GalaxyS2I9100Installation">installation</a>.
	After installing the custom recovery, the device rebooted with large yellow warning triangle - hilarious! On the GT-i9300, only a tiny red exclamation point was added to the upper left corner of the screen.
	Strangely though, the text stating that the device is a GT-i9100M changed as well, now saying that the device is a regular GT-i9100.
	After installing Replicant as well, the device greeted me with the familiar Replicant loading image.
	Everything seems to work well.
	Fantastic! I tested the camera again too, which also seems to work well, making it more likely that my last Replican&apos;t camera was borked by water damage as I had thought and less likely that it was borked by a software update as I&apos;d feared.
	I set my new <abbr title="personal identification number">PIN</abbr> (which is now eleven digits long), turned on Privacy Guard, and started the device storage encryption process.
	While device encryption was starting, I put on the bad screen protector and bad case that I had ended up with due to an incorrect product-listing page.
	The screen protector has small bubbles underneath it that I can&apos;t seem to get rid of and the case needed hole poked in it to get a lanyard through to the device itself, as the GT-i9100M (and the GT-i9100) has a nice lanyard hole built in, but the case covers it up.
	I set up a stretchy, spiral cord from the lanyard to my belt loop, so that I can&apos;t walk off without my device in the future.
	Quite a while after, the device finished encrypting the internal storage, so I looked up the <a href="https://www.cricketwireless.com./support/apps-and-services/bring-your-own-device-byod/customer/bring-your-own-android.html"><abbr title="Access Point Name">APN</abbr> settings</a> to use and set up the <abbr title="Access Point Name">APN</abbr>.
	I forgot that Replicant has F-Droid installed by default and started to download it to install ...
	A few seconds later, I remembered and canceled the download.
	I don&apos;t know why orWall quit working on the GT-i9300, but it works just fine on the GT-i9100M.
	orWall seems to have an updated interface though, so maybe some new update fixed the problem with orWall&apos;s init script, which previously, wasn&apos;t successfully initializing iptables.
	Furthermore, KeePassDroid now seems to default to a file name reflecting that a KDBX database is being used; KeePassDroid is now KDBX-compatible! It still accepts the older KDB database files, so I can still keep it in sync with my laptop, but when Debian 9 hits, I can safely update my database on both devices.
	GApps Browser doesn&apos;t render as well on Replicant though.
	Unfortunately, I need it for outgoing calls and <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr>.
	I don&apos;t plan to use those with my Google Voice number often, but on the rare occasion that I do, it&apos;s going to be a bit of a pain.
	<abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr> on this device doesn&apos;t seem to work as well as on the GT-i9300, and even after formatting the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card as an Ext4 card, the mobile was trying to store things on it using <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>.
	I ended up needing to transfer the files to the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card from my laptop directly, instead of over <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr>.
	After that, the device was able to read the music files, so I&apos;m hoping that further writes to the card will be done using the actual file system of the card.
	It&apos;s worth noting that after Replicant had written to the card in <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> mode (rejecting any file with a name that <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> couldn&apos;t handle), my laptop couldn&apos;t even see the files, as they hadn&apos;t been written correctly.
	Lastly, this device is missing an indicator <abbr title="light-emitting diode">LED</abbr>.
	It took me a while to figure out that it wasn&apos;t that the indicator led wasn&apos;t lighting up, but that it outright didn&apos;t exist.
	The thing that I&apos;d been staring at was the front camera; when unlit, the indicator <abbr title="light-emitting diode">LED</abbr> would have been invisible.
	No longer will I be able to glance at the device from across the room and see if it&apos;s done charging.
</p>
<p>
	My mother has a job interview tomorrow in Estacada.
	Hopefully, they&apos;ll get the job.
	While they&apos;re out though, I&apos;ll have the opportunity to finally send back the GT-i9100G and speak to the <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> about my missing <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

