<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>A house-hunting trip that involved no house-hunting &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A house-hunting trip that involved no house-hunting</h1>
			<p>Day 00539: <time>Saturday, 2016 August 27</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Last night, <a href="/en/domains/newdawn.local.xhtml"><code>//newdawn.local.</code></a> was behaving a bit strangely, saying that it was fully charges and keeping it&apos;s charge, though the color of the battery indicator hinted that the laptop was instead discharging.
	Stupidly, I wrote it off and went to bed, probably partially because I was exhausted.
	When I awoke this morning though, I found that my laptop had completely discharged and shut off.
	Lovely.
	It&apos;s difficult getting the power cords to work at all, and when they do work, it&apos;s often only when in contorted positions.
	I managed to partially repair my scary, buzzing cord though.
	Now, it works in almost any reasonable position.
	What a relief! I was starting to again fear that the problem wasn&apos;t the laptop cords, but the power jack of the computer.
	There has been one regression in the cord&apos;s state though.
	Now, instead of buzzing only when charging (as opposed to when simply maintaining a full charge), the cord buzzes nonstop as long as it is plugged both into the laptop and into the wall.
	Seriously, as soon as I have a stable address, I need to get a pair of laptop cords (one to use and one as a spare) ordered online.
	This one&apos;s just scary!
</p>
<p>
	The stretchy, spiral cord that I&apos;ve been using to attach my mobile to my belt loop is a bit <strong>*too*</strong> long or stretchy.
	If I were to drop my mobile, it&apos;d be allowed to hit the ground, and with the current case being as poor quality as it is, it might not stop the device from cracking.
	I decided to swap out that spiral cord for the Cricket lanyard that I picked up yesterday.
	Bad idea.
	That lanyard&apos;s metal components have a large protrusion on either side and one of them mangled the device&apos;s screen protector.
	I knew that that type of screen protector wasn&apos;t to be trusted ...
	I&apos;ll see if I can find a better lanyard when I get the chance, but I&apos;ll also need to get a better case for the device (or at the very least, replace the mangled screen protector).
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus, Vanessa, our mother, and I headed to Salem, supposedly to look for a home.
	However, things didn&apos;t exactly go that way.
</p>
<p>
	First, we went to Aumsville&apos;s corn festival.
	There, we were given gratis, cooked cobs of corn.
	Cyrus and I specifically asked for ours without butter, but anyone that didn&apos;t specifically ask for the butter to be left off ended up with buttered corn.
	Our mother found a dime-tossing game, which they played along with Cyrus and Vanessa.
	Sadly, there were a couple fish in vases among the dishes, and though they were covered so that dimes didn&apos;t land in their water, they darted every time that a dime hit something near them.
	They must have been scared out of their minds! Our mother was surprised that I didn&apos;t want to play, but either way, I&apos;d lose that game.
	If you fail to land your dime in a dish, you&apos;ve lost the dime for nothing.
	If you successfully land the dime in a dish, you still lose the dime, but you also get that dish.
	I could have aimed at dishes that were far from the fish, but it doesn&apos;t nullify one simple fact: I don&apos;t need more junk to bring with in the move or try to get rid of.
	Apparently though, my mother finds this game to be quite fun.
	They didn&apos;t even want the dishes, and after they were done tossing away their dimes, they even <strong>*gave most of the dishes back to the people running the game*</strong>.
	I&apos;m not sure what the people running the game thought of that! Next, w stopped at a chiropractor&apos;s booth.
	They used some sort of electronic device to quantify how bad my mother&apos;s and my necks and backs are, then recommended that we see a chiropractor a bit closer to home than them.
	Probably the most important booth that we stopped at an energy efficiency booth, where much to my surprise, my mother bought three six-packs of <abbr title="light-emitting diode">LED</abbr> light bulbs for ten dollars each! Usually, my mother is a bit strange about energy-efficient lighting and kind of stays away from it.
	Before heading out, we picked up two ten-packs of corn ears for a dollar each.
	That&apos;s some cheap corn!
</p>
<p>
	When we stopped for lunch, Vanessa pulled out their laptop, which apparently our mother had asked them to bring, and our mother used the restaurant&apos;s Wi-Fi access point to browse craigslist.
	It seems like the main point of our trip to Salem was to evade craigslist&apos;s noxious <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> ban! We could have done that a lot closer to home, say, at the Springfield City Hall Public Library? Not only that, but my mother&apos;s insistence to continue using craigslist is a bit worrisome, and my mother continues to blame proxies for the issues, not those that maliciously discriminate against proxies.
	As it turned out though, my mother wasn&apos;t able to browse some of the listings because the the restaurant&apos;s access point censored certain websites and these listings were not on the main website.
	As I told my mother, a proxy would have allowed us to evade such censorship.
	Proxies are not the enemy, those that maliciously block proxies are.
</p>
<p>
	In Salem, our mother pretty much just drove us around the town showing us the two main commercial hubs of the town; there was no actual house hunting involved.
	It appears that our mother wants to live near either of these two areas, as each contains a Winco, my mother&apos;s favorite grocery store.
	If we do end up living near one of these places, the fact that they&apos;re comercial hubs means that I&apos;ll also have many places to apply for work that are within walking distance.
	There&apos;s even a T-Mobile store near at least one of them, where I can pay my monthly bill in person.
	If we live near one of these hubs, Salem should be a decent place to live as a pedestrian/cyclist, I think.
</p>
<p>
	The GT-i9100M&apos;s battery life sucks.
	It did not survive the trip, and I had to shut the mobile off near the end to keep it from completely draining the battery.
	I still miss my GT-i9300, which had better battery life.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

