<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>The end of the orientation &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The end of the orientation</h1>
			<p>Day 00541: <time>Monday, 2016 August 29</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
<li>22 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
<li>21 days until mobile voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service with my current carrier ends</li>
<li>51 days until mobile data service with my current carrier ends</li>
<li>2 days until school starts</li>
<li>6-9 business days (8-13 days) until my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card is supposed to arrive</li>
</ul>
<p>
	It appears that the landlords charged us for nine days extra rent out of the security deposit, which adds up to a lost $450 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
	My mother wrote to them to get that back, as we were only in there <strong>*one*</strong> extra day.
	We left early in the morning on <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/02.xhtml">2016-07-02</a>.
	We did leave some dishes in one cupboard until <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/09.xhtml">2016-07-09</a>, but we were unaware of them and they hadn&apos;t been in the landlords&apos; way.
	They hadn&apos;t even noticed them until the ninth.
	As soon as the landlords notified us about the dishes that we left behind, we drove from Gresham to pick them up that same day! If the landlords don&apos;t respond, my mother plans to threaten to take them to court as well as hint that they&apos;ll turn them into the <abbr title="Internal Revenue Service">IRS</abbr>.
	We don&apos;t think that the <abbr title="Internal Revenue Service">IRS</abbr> knows about their rental income, as it was written into our rental agreement that we couldn&apos;t report ourselves as renters when filing our taxes.
	That&apos;s a bit shady, and no doubt was put into the rental agreement in an effort to evade taxes on the rental income.
	My mother says that they have no job, so they have plenty of time to go to court if it comes to it.
	If need be, my mother isn&apos;t afraid to fight for that $450 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>.
</p>
<p>
	I really should have done it earlier in the week, but today, I finally completed the final week&apos;s orientation readings at University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>.
	This week&apos;s readings just covered some basic stuff that should be known, but needed to be restated in case people had missed it.
	Basically, all deadlines are hard deadlines, plagiarism is bad, complete your assignments early for best results, and stuff like that.
	I also finally got around to uploading a &quot;photograph of me&quot;, which was the final thing asked of me on the first week, though it&apos;s actually the Debian logo.
	I&apos;m really glad that I decided to upload something, as I got to see how their image uploader works.
	When uploading a file, the website asks who the author of the file is and asks what license it&apos;s under! All six of the mainstream Creative Commons licenses are options, as well as &quot;all rights reserved&quot; and &quot;public domain&quot;.
	It would certainly be sweet if they enforced that a free license be used, but the fact that they even <strong>*allow*</strong> two different free licenses (as well as public domain, which is also free) to be used is awesome! I think that I&apos;m going to do very well in this type of learning environment.
	The assignment for the week was to make a list of three things that we&apos;re exited about in attending the university and a list of three things that we are most worried about.
	There&apos;s no place to turn these lists in though, so I&apos;ve just written them below:
</p>
<p>
	Things that excite me about attending school at University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>:
</p>
<ol>
<li value="0">I am finally starting to learn about computers in a more directed way again.
	For a while now, I&apos;ve pretty much just been learning whatever random computer skills are needed for the tasks that I happen to need to accomplish at the moment.</li>
<li value="1">University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> seems to understand that different people use different software, and actively recommends that people without Microsoft Office install LibreOffice.
	Unlike my last school, it sounds like University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> isn&apos;t noxiously stubborn about making people use the software that they prefer, and instead allows people to use whatever software can accomplish the task and works for the user.</li>
<li value="2">The university even seems to understand the importance of Creative Commons licensing, though they also seem to support the proprietary Creative Commons license variants.</li>
</ol>
<p>
	Things that worry me about attending school at University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>:
</p>
<ol>
<li value="0">If University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>&apos;s courses are set up as they should be, technology shouldn&apos;t be a problem.
	However, I&apos;m worried that University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> might require proprietary software be used in some courses.
	If that does happen, I&apos;m not sure how I can hope to complete such courses.</li>
<li value="1">I might not have enough time to study, seeing as I&apos;ll need to hunt for a job and help the family move, among other responsibilities.</li>
<li value="2">I might not have a stable and usable Internet connection for long.</li>
</ol>
<p>
	I managed to get connections through <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr>-forwarded ports to connect through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> without disabling orWall now.
	It seems that ports forwarded through <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> are considered by orWall (and perhaps considered by the system) to be run by &quot;Linux Shell&quot;, not &quot;Android Debug Bridge (ADB)&quot;.
	By giving &quot;Linux Shell&quot; permission to get through orWall instead of giving permission to &quot;Android Debug Bridge (ADB)&quot;, the connection can be made to work.
	That said, I still can&apos;t get regular tethering to go through Orbot yet.
	Instead, orWall just allows tethered traffic to bypass the proxy entirely, whether I want it to or not.
	It seems though that this is a <a href="https://github.com/EthACKdotOrg/orWall/issues/32#issuecomment-94360049">known bug</a>, and not an easy one to fix.
	At least with <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr>-forwarded traffic being routed through <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, I have a working network solution for the time being, though it is a bit unnerving giving my mother&apos;s Windows-based machine privileges to run arbitrary commands on my device.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of getting the connection working on my mother&apos;s computer, I&apos;ve not got it set up in such a way that it&apos;s so easy to start, even my mother can initiate the port forwarding.
	I had to compromise the security a bit on my end; my mobile now automatically recognizes my mother&apos;s machine and allows <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> access without unlocking the screen on the mobile, or in fact, interacting with the mobile in any way aside from physically connecting it to the desktop machine with a <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> cable.
	On my mother&apos;s end, I wrote my first-ever Windows batch file: a short script consisting of only one command.
	This is the command used to initiate the port forwarding.
	My mother&apos;s system proxy has already been set to use this port on <code>//localhost.</code>, as when my mobile&apos;s unplugged, no other Internet connection is available to us at the moment.
	Strangely, I found that if the batch script is saved as any sort of Unicode, the first line of the file will be incorrectly interpreted, as the byte order mark added by Windows when saving in these formats will be interpreted as part of the command name.
	Pinning the batch script to the panel (or the task bar, as they call it in Windows speak) was more difficult than I thought as well.
	I thought that all that I had to do was write the batch script and drag it to the panel, but that didn&apos;t work at all.
	It turns out that I needed to create a shortcut to the script, modify the shortcut&apos;s target to point to the command line interpreter, and pass the script&apos;s path as a second argument.
	The first argument must be &quot;/C&quot;.
	Because of how that had to happen, I&apos;m fairly certain that the batch script wasn&apos;t needed at all.
	If I&apos;d changed the shortcut to instead run the <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> command directly, it might have been more efficient.
	That said, I don&apos;t care enough to fix it.
	It doesn&apos;t make that much difference.
	Besides, Windows has never been about doing things the efficient way.
	Windows is slow and clunky; it probably will be until the day comes when it is finally discontinued.
	In any case, now all my mother has to do after connecting the device to the desktop machine is click a single icon on the panel.
	I might be able to automate this further by having the computer automatically run the command when the device is connected, but I&apos;m currently unsure how to do that.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
	<p>
		Further comment on &quot;Unlike my last school, it sounds like University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> isn&apos;t noxiously stubborn about making people use the software that they prefer, and instead allows people to use whatever software can accomplish the task and works for the user.&quot;: Ha!
		Tell that to students taking <span title="Operating Systems 1">CS 2301</span>!
		Two specific applications are required for no good reason, leaving non-Windows users high and dry.
		The tasks required can be accomplished using other software, aside from the &quot;use {insert specific application here} to do X&quot; part.
		X can be done without the required software, X just can&apos;t be done <strong>*with the required software*</strong> without the required software.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

