<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Worrying about my new school &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Worrying about my new school</h1>
			<p>Day 00542: Tuesday, 2016 August 30</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
<li>20 days until mobile voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service with my current carrier ends</li>
<li>50 days until mobile data service with my current carrier ends</li>
<li>1 day until school starts</li>
<li>5-8 business days (7-12 days) until my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card is supposed to arrive</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I awoke from a horrid nightmare this morning.
	I was back in school (online) and I was given the assignment to draw a circle in Microsoft Office.
	For some strange reason, the instructions said that only the latest version of Microsoft Office would be up to this task.
	Not only would <a href="apt:libreoffice">LibreOffice</a> not do the trick, old versions of Microsoft Office that run on <a href="apt:wine">Wine</a> wouldn&apos;t work.
	My only choices were to fail the assignment or install both Microsoft Windows and Microsoft Office.
	Before I woke up though, it got a bit better.
	I realized that I was somehow reading an assignment from my old school.
	University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> had not assigned this task, and it would do me zero good to attempt to complete it.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been reluctantly leaving my mobile connected to my mother&apos;s computer overnight.
	Overcharging is bad for the battery&apos;s lifespan, but my mother gets up at strange hours (not intentionally), and sometimes spends that time doing things on the Web, such as applying for jobs.
	It seems that my mother got up at 03:30 this morning, but couldn&apos;t get onto the Internet.
	I checked it out this morning, and somehow, my mobile device had been shut off! My mother claims not to have touched the device in any way since we set up the connection yesterday, so that left one other option: the device outright crashed.
	Or at least, that&apos;s what I thought at first.
	My GT-i9300 never did that.
	I mean, it did crash sometimes, but it would always reboot after doing so.
	It wouldn&apos;t have brought back up the connection, as my mother would have needed to re-click the icon on their panel to tell their desktop machine to reestablish the port forwarding, but it would have made it possible to instruct my mother as to what to do next time that this occurs.
	If the device had crashed, there would be only one thing that I could do do: give my mother the decryption password of the device so that they can restart it.
	There is no way that that is happening though.
	Luckily, later in the day, I found the most likely real cause of the issue: the device had run out of power! When the screen is left on, the GT-i9100M consumes power faster than it can pull more power from the computer that it&apos;s plugged into.
	The GT-i9300 never had this issue, and charged much faster than the screen being on drained.
	When the GT-i9100M&apos;s battery was exhausted, the device shut off and continued charging.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to set up a new auto-play action for my mother&apos;s Windows machine so that whenever my mobile is plugged in, the Windows machine automatically runs the <abbr title="Android Debug Bridge">ADB</abbr> command needed to set up port forwarding through the device.
	No dice.
	It seems that by default, Windows does not allow one to add arbitrary commands to the auto-play options.
	I read that there are software solutions for this problem, but I don&apos;t want to take the time to try to set that up while my mother is home and might need their computer at any time.
	I might try to set that up while they are away.
</p>
<p>
	I got ahold of my mother&apos;s mobile device and updated my contact information in it.
	I had to delete <strong>*seven*</strong> outdated entries holding old versions of my information.
	It&apos;s no wonder that my mother gets so frustrated when my telephone number changes.
	They can&apos;t keep their contact list organized! Instead of updating the old contact entry each time, my mother has been adding a new one whenever new information is presented.
	This should not be confused with adding a new telephone number to the old entry while leaving the old one in place.
	No, rather, there were seven full entries, each listed as separate people, but all sharing my name.
	I&apos;m not even sure if it matters if my contact information changes now, as long as I&apos;m the one to update it on their device, not them.
	Their inability to use computers effectively always takes my by surprise.
</p>
<p>
	My mother and I took two loads over to the storage unit today after Vanessa and Cyrus helped us load them into the van.
</p>
<p>
	Discover has cancelled my automatic bill payments.
	They claim that my credit union account no longer exists.
	I&apos;m going to need to talk to First Tech about this.
	They still have some of my money! I was in-branch updating my home address too not to long ago.
	They had better not have cancelled my account.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

