<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>School starts tomorrow! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/08-August/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/08-August/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/09-September/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>School starts tomorrow!</h1>
			<p>Day 00543: <time>Wednesday, 2016 August 31</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Current countdowns:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>20 unfinished weblog entries in <a href="/en/weblog/2016/07-July/">July</a></li>
	<li>19 days until mobile voice/<abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>49 days until mobile data service with my current carrier ends</li>
	<li>0 day until school starts</li>
	<li>4-7 business days (6-11 days) until my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card is supposed to arrive</li>
	<li>29 days until the payment dispute with my old domain registrar is resolved</li>
</ul>
<p>
	I logged into my Discover account to make sure of what financial account that they actually thought no longer existed.
	I thought that I had told Discover to take money from First Tech Federal Credit Union, but that wasn&apos;t the case.
	Instead, I&apos;d told them to take money from Banner Bank.
	They were completely correct yesterday when they said that the account no longer exists! Why did it take them this long to notice though? Where has my bill been being paid from? I told Discover to take this month&apos;s bill payment from Oregon Community Credit Union, then tried to set up automatic payments again.
	My credit card bill is the one and only thing that I like to have on automatic payments.
	However, it seems that because I attempted to pay my bill before setting up automatic payments, setting up automatic payments would have caused me to be double charged, according to Discover.
	Their solution was to cancel my payment before setting up automatic payments, but instead, I&apos;ll just wait to set up automatic payments until my pill payment has successfully posted.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of Discover, a representative was supposed to initiate a dispute with my old domain registrar yesterday, then contact me.
	I received no such contact, so I contacted Discover about the matter today.
	As it turns out, the representative <strong>*did*</strong> initiate the dispute, but just had forgotten to contact me about it.
	Perfect.
	The gears are already turning and the dispute is in the works.
	The representative that I spoke with reminded me that the dispute will take thirty days (twenty-nine more) to resolve.
	I can only hope that this ends well and that I don&apos;t have to cancel my Discover account in order to stop paying my old domain registrar for services that I cannot access.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that work on <a href="https://blog.replicant.us/2016/08/replicant-6-early-work-upstream-work-and-f-droid-issue/">Replicant 6.0</a> has begun! Finally, we will soon be able to upgrade to a more modern system, which might even have more of the known security issues fixed.
	The catch, at least for me, is that the version beong worked on at the moment is only for the GT-i9300.
	If I hadn&apos;t allowed my old device to be stolen, I&apos;d be closer to Replicant 6.0 than I am on my new GT-i9100M! This is a bit disheartening.
	It seems that Replicant 6.0 will have full device encryption, which I assume means that the operating system itself will be encrypted, as Replicant 4.2 already had full user storage encryption.
	It looks like Replicant is also trying to get F-Droid&apos;s repositories filtered to show only free applications by default, though they are deliberately not caring about <a href="https://redmine.replicant.us/issues/1629">non-free assets</a>, which is one of the biggest problems in the F-Droid repository.
	F-Droid developers do seem to be building the required <a href="https://gitlab.com./fdroid/fdroidclient/issues/564">filters</a>, and doing the only thing that could possibly make such a feature complete, they&apos;re allowing applications that any specific user doesn&apos;t like be filtered out on a per-user basis.
	All that it will take on my end is to select the <a href="https://f-droid.org./wiki/page/Antifeature:NonFreeAssets">NonFreeAssets</a> filter and report applications that incorrectly don&apos;t have that flag set.
	For example, there is a game that I&apos;m going to need to refind that doesn&apos;t have this flag set, but uses nonfree graphics.
</p>
<p>
	While reading about University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>&apos;s course requirements, I found that for eleven of the required courses, I must find a proctor to watch me take the course exam! I&apos;m not allowed to pay the proctor, as it could be considered bribery, and I cannot be related to this person.
	I can hire a proctor service, in which case I am allowed to pay, but the recommended proctor service only allows one to use one of two proprietary operating systems and demands that Flash be installed.
	Ugh.
	That won&apos;t work.
	It looks like I&apos;ll be seeking volunteer proctors at some point.
	The university recommended local officials, librarians, supervisors from work, and religious figures for this task.
</p>
<p>
	To help me organize my thoughts and understand what order I need to take courses in, I&apos;ve arranged the required courses into a tree list based on their prerequisites:
</p>
<ul>
	<li>CS 1101: Programming Fundamentals<ul>
		<li>CS 1102: Programming 1<ul>
			<li>CS 1103: Programming 2<ul>
				<li>CS 1104: Computer Systems<ul>
					<li>CS 2204: Communications and Networking<ul>
						<li>CS 4404: Advanced Networking and Data Security</li>
					</ul></li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>CS 2205: Web Programming 1 <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
					<li>CS 3305: Web Programming 2 (Proctored course)</li>
					<li>CS 4405: Mobile Applications</li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>CS 2301: Operating Systems 1 <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
					<li>CS 3307: Operating Systems 2</li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>CS 2401: Software Engineering 1<ul>
					<li>CS 4403: Software Engineering 2</li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>CS 3303: Data Structures<ul>
					<li>CS 3304: Analysis of Algorithms<ul>
						<li>CS 4406: Computer Graphics <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
						<li>CS 4407: Data Mining and Machine Learning <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
							<li>CS 4408: Artificial Intelligence <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
						</ul></li>
					</ul></li>
					<li>CS 3308: Information Retrieval <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
				</ul></li>
				<li>CS 4402: Comparative Programming Languages</li>
			</ul></li>
			<li>CS 2203: Databases 1<ul>
				<li>CS 3306: Databases 2 <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>ENGL 1102: English Composition 2 <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
	<li>HIST 1421: Greek and Roman Civilization</li>
	<li>MATH 1302: Discrete Mathematics</li>
	<li>MATH 1201: College Algebra <em>(proctored course)</em><ul>
		<li>MATH 1211: Calculus</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>MATH 1280: Introduction to Statistics <em>(proctored course)</em></li>
	<li>PHIL 1404: Ethics and Social Responsibility</li>
	<li>UNIV 1001: Online Education Strategies</li>
</ul>
<p>
	There is a strange discrepancy though.
	Before I&apos;m allowed to take any courses specific to my major, I&apos;m required to take <span title="College Algebra">MATH 1201</span>, <span title="Introduction to Statistics">MATH 1280</span>, <span title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</span>, and <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span>.
	However, <span title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</span> and <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span> <strong>*are*</strong> specific to my major! Additionally, I have five elective courses and five courses that I need to take that aren&apos;t specific courses, but courses that I need to choose from small lists.
</p>
<ul>
	<li>Any one of these:<ul>
		<li>BIOL 1121: Biology 1 for Health Studies Majors</li>
		<li>BIOL 1301: Introduction to Biology</li>
		<li>ENVS 1301: Introduction to Environmental Science</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Any two of these:<ul>
		<li>ECON 1580: Introduction to Economics</li>
		<li>POLS 1503: Globalization</li>
		<li>PSYC 1111: Introduction to Human Psychology</li>
		<li>PSYC 1205: Emotional Intelligence</li>
		<li>PSYC 1504: Introduction to Psychology</li>
		<li>SOC 1502: Introduction to Sociology</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Any two of these:<ul>
		<li>AHIST 1401: Art History</li>
		<li>ENGL 1405: World Literature</li>
		<li>PHIL 1402: Introduction to Philosophy</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Any five electives</li>
</ul>
<p>
	The people that registered me for my first two courses just chose two without talking to me.
	Because they chose <span title="Globalization">POLS 1503</span> as one of them, one of the optional courses above was already chosen for me.
	I&apos;m not sure what to think of that, but I&apos;ll just go with it.
	As for next term, I think that it would be a good idea to take <span title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</span>, <span title="College Algebra">MATH 1201</span>, and if I take a third course, <span title="Introduction to Statistics">MATH 1280</span>.
	These three (along with <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span>) are required before I can do much on the computer science side of things.
	If I can get as many prerequisites out of the way as soon as possible, I&apos;ll have a lot more flexibility as to when I choose to take other courses.
	The fourth course, <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span>, depends on <span title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</span>, so I&apos;ll have to wait to take that one anyway.
	This also means even more that <span title="Programming Fundamentals">CS 1101</span> should be taken next term.
	Taking <span title="College Algebra">MATH 1201</span> also paves the way to taking <span title="Calculus">MATH 1211</span>, but that&apos;s much less urgent.
</p>
<p>
	We took two more loads to the storage unit today.
	I&apos;m hoping that we don&apos;t spend much time on that tomorrow though, as I want to get started on my schoolwork.
</p>
<p>
	NotABug seems to be down, which is a bit frustrating.
	I hope that they&apos;re not gone for good, but they seem to have been down all day.
	Luckily, I have backups of my repositories at Volatile Git, but I&apos;d rather have my repositories uploaded to two different places than only one.
	One can never be too careful, and services could die at any time.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F08-August%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

