<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>Mumble &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/31.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Mumble</h1>
			<p>Day 00452: <time>Wednesday, 2016 June 01</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	The first thing on my agenda for the day was to go out and pay my mobile bill, though honestly, I&apos;m not sure how much longer I&apos;ll keep the service.
	With my mobile failing to function correctly, there&apos;s not much point in my carrying it with me, and if I&apos;m not going to carry it with me, there&apos;s no point in paying for service.
	I don&apos;t think that I&apos;ll be getting a new one either.
	It&apos;s been nice having one especially at first, and I can&apos;t say that it hasn&apos;t been a learning experience.
	However, I&apos;m not sure that it&apos;s worth the money to get a new one.
	Replicant doesn&apos;t exactly run on low-end devices and vanilla Android isn&apos;t exactly useful, secure, or trustworthy.
	After paying my bill at the game store that doubles as a mobile shop, the cashier told me that if I got an account with the game shop, I could later earn points by paying my bill that could be spent on paying my bill again instead of spending cash.
	Normally, I would have turned that offer down as I don&apos;t want to be tracked, but the game store can already track me through my mobile account.
	There&apos;s no privacy lost that wasn&apos;t lost already, so I agreed to the account.
</p>
<p>
	University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> wrote to me today saying that my application is now under review and I will hear back from them by August 4.
	I anxiously await a response, be it an acceptance or a denial.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that an exploit was discovered in <a href="https://gogs.io/">Gogs</a>.
	In response, <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/">Volatile Git</a> shut down indefinitely, only to be reopened once the security issues at hand were better understood, and if need be, patched.
	It was believed that it was possible to retrieve the password hash database.
	Luckily, research didn&apos;t seem to take as long as I&apos;d have expected and the <abbr title="Structured Query Language">SQL</abbr> interface issue was deemed by <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a> to be not a threat and Volatile Git was reopened the same day that it went down.
</p>
<p>
	I tried reinstalling Replicant in hopes that maybe a bit or two had gotten mistakingly flipped, breaking Ext4 support.
	The mobile does get jostled around a lot and that can&apos;t be good for it.
	However, the reinstallation did nothing more than disable Xposed and orWall, though orWall automatically restored the scripts that would allow it to be re-enabled next time the device rebooted.
	I&apos;m not sure what else to try.
</p>
<p>
	Emacsite on <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/">freenode</a> recommended that I try Mumble, and seemed pretty excited that I&apos;d give it a try.
	I wasn&apos;t overly excited myself as I was busy, but I didn&apos;t want to discourage them, so installed <a href="apt:mumble">Mumble</a> and connected to the <a href="mumble://libreboot.org.:64738/">Mumble server</a> that they use.
	It was an interesting experience for sure, but Mumble isn&apos;t right for me.
	It seems that Mumble allows you to either speak or type, but to know what everyone is saying, you need to both listen and read.
	The sound is distracting and severely cuts my efficiency.
	For someone like me, <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> is a much better communication medium.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

