<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Flash mob and relatives &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Flash mob and relatives</h1>
			<p>Day 00455: Saturday, 2016 June 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;m giving up trying to get Ext4 <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards to work in my broken mobile for now.
	I&apos;ve formatted one of the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards as stupid <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>.
	It&apos;s not feasible to make a second copy of my music library and go through the copy to find all the files with names that <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> is too moronic to allow (such as those with question marks), so I&apos;m just going to have to leave those files off of my mobile for now.
	Once I have time and get Ext4 support working again, I&apos;ll have my full library back.
	It seems that in addition to disallowing the use of certain characters in file names, <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> also disallows even more characters <strong>*as*</strong> file names.
	I keep the songs that don&apos;t have album name meta data in a directory with a name consisting of only a single space; <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> doesn&apos;t like that.
	This is idiotic.
	If <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> can handle spaces <strong>*in*</strong> file names, why can&apos;t it handle a space <strong>*as*</strong> a file name? It looks like I won&apos;t be storing any loose songs on <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>, only songs from albums.
	I hate <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>.
	In addition to losing access to all the albumless songs, I&apos;m also losing eleven whole albums and several individual songs from albums.
	I can&apos;t wait to have Ext4 support back.
</p>
<p>
	As a side note, if I remove the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card from the mobile and insert it in my laptop, <a href="apt:pcmanfm">PCManFM</a> has this awesome feature where it&apos;ll halt the file-transfer process each time that it comes across a file name that the file system (in this case <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr>) is too stupid to handle.
	Each time it stops like this, it allows the computer user to choose a new file name! This on-the-fly renaming is perfect for this type of situation.
	I&apos;m loving PCManFM; <a href="apt:thunar">Thunar</a> doesn&apos;t have this capability.
	However, this functionality isn&apos;t available over <abbr title="Media Transfer Protocol">MTP</abbr>.
	Removing the card from the mobile is a pain because of the protective case, so I won&apos;t do that for now.
</p>
<p>
	My mother and I participated in a flash mob today, which was more fun that I though that it&apos;d be.
	We stood around in a circle playing a strange game.
	We started with a ball of cellophane with candy wrapped within it periodically.
	One person would rip it apart trying to pull out as many candies as possible while another would repeatedly roll a die until they got a one.
	At that point, they&apos;d pass the die onto the next person and take the ball of cellophane to try pulling candy out of it themselves.
	That went on for a few rounds until the cellophane ball was no more.
	Before parting from the group, everyone was then given a Pathtag representing the event.
</p>
<p>
	After that, my mother and I spent most of the day working in my mother&apos;s classroom, then went out looking for yard sales for a little while.
	While we were out, I managed to finish cracking the combination on a lock that I&apos;d found at home: 748.
	No one knew the combination so we were going to get rid of it, but we couldn&apos;t add it to our yard sale because we can&apos;t sell a lock without a combination.
	I started fiddling with it whenever we go out and I remember.
	I just started at 000 and incremented by one each time.
	The fact that I could even do that means that the lock design isn&apos;t very secure though, so even now that we have the combination, I&apos;m not sure we&apos;ll find a use for the lock.
</p>
<p>
	It turns out that relatives aren&apos;t coming over.
	Instead, they rented a house in town.
	We met them at a restaurant to eat, but then we stayed at the restaurant for what felt like forever.
	I was exhausted by the time we left and the restaurant workers had closed the restaurant quite a while ago.
	These people (and my mother) can talk for ages!
</p>
<p>
	It seems that my mother needs help dealing with students during a field trip, so they&apos;ve recruited me.
	On Tuesday, I&apos;ll be leading a group of four or five first grade students through a tour of some tide pools.
	I&apos;m not sure how I feel about this, but it&apos;ll be a new experience.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

