<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Threats &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Threats</h1>
			<p>Day 00456: Sunday, 2016 June 05</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Late last night, a friend that prefers not to be mentioned by name quoted my journal, alerting <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a> to how disgruntled that I was about being banned from <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a>.
	At the time, I thought that they were trying to stir up trouble, but by the end of today, I decided that it was likely an attempt to bring the situation to light and resolve the unspoken conflict.
	After the discussion that this started, it was decided that I don&apos;t belong at Volatile.
	I suppose I always knew that I don&apos;t fit in there, but it is still with much sadness that I take my leave.
	The simple fact is that Volatile was built as a troll nest.
	Wowaname says that they grew up on the trollish side of the Internet, so it makes sense that the network that they set up would take on such traits.
	On the other hand, I grew up on a much more polite and tolerant side of the Internet.
	We didn&apos;t pick on people, we didn&apos;t flood out all conversation, and we certainly didn&apos;t penalize people for technical difficulties.
	In the forums that I used, it was rude to even double post, let alone flood the page.
	Rather, people were expected to edit their own posts to add on if someone else hadn&apos;t spoken yet.
	Maybe one day, I&apos;ll find an <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> network/channel that fits me.
	Something similar to the Floraverse <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> channel would be nice, but wowaname got me (as well as the rest of the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network) banned there.
	I&apos;d love to blame wowaname for that, but the simple fact is that anywhere that would ban the whole <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network certainly isn&apos;t where I belong.
	This network isn&apos;t where I should be hanging out either.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname somehow views one join and one part every ten minutes as &quot;flooding tastelessly&quot;, but somehow doesn&apos;t see that a ten-minute bombardment of Unicode art that halts and interrupts all conversation is far more tasteless.
	Our viewpoints simply aren&apos;t compatible.
	I tolerated the Unicode art, but it seems that wowaname can&apos;t tolerate basic technical difficulties.
	They said that they&apos;d understand if I don&apos;t want to come back to their network, though strangely, I do want to come back.
	The simple fact is though that it doesn&apos;t matter what I want; I&apos;m not wanted there.
	It&apos;s time for me to let go and move on.
</p>
<p>
	After establishing the fact that I don&apos;t belong there and that I shouldn&apos;t return, wowaname later oddly brought up that the ping interval is ten minutes.
	This ping interval could be the cause of my ten-minute cycle; <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> might not be the cause.
	Why were they continuing to diagnose the &quot;problem&quot; when it was no longer relevant? There&apos;s nothing to fix, I&apos;m already gone.
</p>
<p>
	My mother and I went to Springfield to pick up Vanessa and Cyrus.
	Along the way, traffic came to a complete halt for a bit.
	It turns out that there had been an accident; an automobile had been flipped on its side, blocking one and a half lanes of the two-lane highway.
	The windshield  was smashed up as well, though I didn&apos;t get a good look at it.
	With only half a lane available, and that half lane being needed for traffic in both directions, the huge line of traffic on each side needed to be stopped to allow the other side to get through for a while.
	On the way back, the scene had been cleaned up already.
	If there were any fatalities, investigation would have probably taken longer, so our best guess is that everyone was relatively fine.
</p>
<p>
	That bit of apparent good news was the only pleasant part of the trip home though.
	Our mother started telling off Cyrus and Vanessa and even threatening them.
	Our mother says <q>There&apos;s no changing evil.</q>, and they strongly believe that our father is evil.
	They said that unless Cyrus skips the yearly trip to see our paternal grandfather, they will boot Cyrus from our household.
	Cyrus is to spend that time trying to find a job instead.
	Cyrus also needs to work on college applications, which they have been neglecting.
	Unfortunately, child support will end if Cyrus cannot fill out paperwork telling what college they are attending, so if they aren&apos;t attending college yet, there&apos;ll be a problem.
	As for Vanessa, our mother was threatening them saying that they were going to send them to live with our father permanently unless Vanessa looks into what needs to be done to legally go against the judge&apos;s visitation orders and stop visiting our father.
	Vanessa&apos;s lack of ability to tell people what they don&apos;t want to hear had resulted in them telling each parent a different story about what they wanted, which turned out badly in court; child support has been cut and Vanessa will be spending two more weeks each summer with our father, which supposedly they don&apos;t want.
	It&apos;s not that Vanessa doesn&apos;t want to see our father, just that supposedly they don&apos;t want added visitation time over what was scheduled originally.
	This inability to speak their actual mind though is likely caused by our mother.
	Our mother berates us if we have any ideas that don&apos;t match their own.
	The only safe option is often to hide all sign of having an opinion or to pretend to have an identical (or at least similar) opinion.
	It really isn&apos;t healthy.
</p>
<p>
	Once back in town, the four of us headed over to see our relatives that are renting a house locally through today.
	Three of these people are relatives by blood, while two are part of the group because of relationships.
	We ate and talked, and I see that our sense of humor is either genetic or learned; perhaps both.
	Everyone there seemed to think very similarly and while we all laughed and had a good time.
	Cyrus asked for the email address of our cousin and their lover, so I asked to be in on that email address exchange as well.
</p>
<p>
	Once home, I needed to do something semi-mindless to clear my thoughts, to I played <a href="apt:supertux">SuperTux</a> for a bit.
	I quickly found a <a href="https://github.com/SuperTux/data/issues/13">bug</a>, though only a minor one, so hopefully that can be fixed by the next stable release.
	It looks like a pretty simple fix if you know what you&apos;re doing; one of the area markers is a bit too tall.
	Stable releases are few and far between, so there should be plenty of time.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

