<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Tide pool trip &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Tide pool trip</h1>
			<p>Day 00458: <time>Tuesday, 2016 June 07</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	When we arrived at the school this morning, I signed in as a volunteer using the school&apos;s computer system.
	My name was on the list of people that one could sign in as, so my background check must have come back clean.
	It would have been nice if the school had had the courtesy to actually tell me that though, instead of waiting for me to try to sign in.
	At the very least, they should have sent me an email soon after performing the background check.
	My mother had to attend a meeting before the field trip, so I retrieved the student lunches from the cafeteria and waited in the classroom on my laptop.
	I thought that I&apos;d have time to get a bit of work done, but the meeting didn&apos;t drag on like I thought that it would.
</p>
<p>
	As we boarded the bus, I reminded my mother to bring medication for one of her students as they&apos;d asked me to, then took a seat.
	The seating on the bus was tiny, seeing as it was built only to accommodate elementary schoolers, and the trip was quite noisy.
	The children talked amongst themselves in a deafening roar, though once we&apos;d reached our destination, one of the teachers remarked about how quiet that they&apos;d been.
	I guess that they&apos;re usually even louder! My mother said that they&apos;d work on deciding who lead what groups on the bus, but then assigned me no group once we got there.
	Apparently, more volunteers came than had let us know that they&apos;d be coming, so there were too few groups for the volunteers present.
	My mother had to have known this before I&apos;d boarded the bus.
	Why didn&apos;t they let me know so I could stay behind? My presence on the trip was completely pointless, I wasn&apos;t able to help at all, and I wasted half the day at the tide pools when I could have been catching up on stuff that I&apos;m behind on - or I could have even just rested my knees.
	The uneven terrain wasn&apos;t good on my sore knees, and my upper left leg is now sore.
	Once we got back to the school, my mother had another meeting and no task for me, so I walked home.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that professional landscapers will be coming over to work on the yard on the fourteenth.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

