<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother is seriously good at denial. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother is seriously good at denial.</h1>
			<p>Day 00462: <time>Saturday, 2016 June 11</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Vivian gave me some vegan fake cheese today.
	They had bought it because it&apos;s dairy-free and milk is one of the things that they&apos;ve had to eliminate from their diet for now, but the fake cheese makes Vivian&apos;s stomach hurt.
	New foods do that to them sometimes, and they do plan to go back to eating dairy, so getting used to the fake cheese wasn&apos;t worth it to them.
</p>
<p>
	I received a second voter registration card in the mail today.
	At first I thought that Cyrus had registered and this was their card, and once I realized that it was mine, I was confused for a bit.
	The government probably sent this new card because of my mandatory registration update though.
	I can only assume that receipt of this card means that my vote has been accepted now and will be counted.
</p>
<p>
	I also received a letter from my health care provider.
	They say that they (not my insurance provider or dental health care provider) will now pay for stainless steel crowns on molars now, and that this may result in teeth that would have needed to be pulled being saved instead.
	I&apos;d like to think that my dentist would have mentioned that I could get crowns if I paid for them out of pocket instead of getting my teeth pulled if that was an option in my case.
	I wouldn&apos;t be able to afford this probably, but I should be made aware of the option in case I did have the resources and they didn&apos;t know about it.
	I&apos;m going to be a bit peeved if this isn&apos;t the case.
	However, I&apos;ll go in and ask them about the letter and my teeth on Monday.
	I&apos;d much rather have metal-capped teeth than missing teeth.
	They&apos;d probably even be more durable than the originals.
	However, it might not matter what they say.
	I won&apos;t be in town for my appointment, most likely.
	It matters less that these people can save my teeth than that my next dental care providers can save them.
</p>
<p>
	We arrived at Cyrus&apos; and Vanessa&apos;s school an hour early for Cyrus&apos; graduation ceremony.
	After that, the ceremony was two hours long.
	It was a painfully-boring waste of time.
	There&apos;s a reason that I didn&apos;t attend my own graduation ceremony.
	Today&apos;s graduation ceremony began with an agonizingly-slow and awkward walk by the graduates, as they moved toward their seats in what could be likened to a slow-motion skipping motion.
	We were expected to stand through this entire process, which is never easy on my legs, even when my knees aren&apos;t on the mend.
	When that was finally complete, a few speeches were made and several groups of people were called out, but it was an hour and forty minutes of wasted time.
	They even had a choir sing.
	We weren&apos;t there to listen to a choir!
	In the remaining twenty minutes of the ceremony, they finally called people up and handed out diplomas, which was the only fast-paced part of the whole ordeal.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, our mother was trying to get Cyrus to choose where we had dinner, as Cyrus had just graduated and our mother is very much into commemorating everything.
	Cyrus was trying to choose something that Vivian could eat, which was difficult for them.
	Cyrus doesn&apos;t usually have to pay attention to what&apos;s in food as they&apos;re not on any special diet, but Vivian is vegetarian and is on further doctor-prescribed dietary restrictions for diagnostic reasons.
	Cyrus mentioned that they weren&apos;t sure if Mexican food would work because the beans might contain lard, but that confused our mother as they didn&apos;t remember lard being on the doctor-prescribed list of foods to avoid.
	Cyrus brought up that Vivian is also has their usual vegetarian dietary restrictions, which sparked a heated discussion.
	Our mother knew that Vivian wanted to be a vegetarian as early as high school, but our mother put a stop to that by force.
	They thought that the issue was dealt with and therefore wouldn&apos;t come up again, but failed to account for the fact that they had never actually convinced Vivian of anything, or even honestly <strong>*tried*</strong> to convince Vivian of anything.
	Vivian even said before they moved out and went to college that as soon as they moved out, they would go back to being a vegetarian.
	Our mother has been in denial, somehow becoming blissfully unaware that Vivian still detests having to eat meat.
</p>
<p>
	The discussion didn&apos;t end there though, and our mother told Vivian to never have children, to which Vivian replied that they already were planning not to.
	This caused our mother to get even stranger, saying that they didn&apos;t understand why anyone would ever choose not to have babies.
	Our mother just can&apos;t get over the fact that at least two of their children won&apos;t have children of their own.
	Perhaps our mother wants grandchildren or perhaps they want their <abbr title="deoxyribonucleic acid">DNA</abbr> to live on.
	I think instead though that our mother takes it as a personal insult, as our mother takes any choice that doesn&apos;t match their own as an attack on their own character.
	They don&apos;t understand the concept of &quot;live and let live&quot; or &quot;to each their own&quot;.
	Next, our mother railed on Vivian&apos;s boyfriend.
	Vivian&apos;s boyfriend never visits when our mother and Vivian are together, the reason being that our mother doesn&apos;t like Vivian&apos;s boyfriend, so Vivian&apos;s boyfriend stays away.
	However, our mother loves using this as ammunition, saying that Vivian&apos;s boyfriend is never around and is therefore not a good boyfriend.
	No matter how many times this is explained to our mother, they just don&apos;t get it and the dislike continues.
	At this point, I left the room to give them a bit of privacy.
	I really wish that our mother wasn&apos;t such a control freak about everything.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

