<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/12.xhtml"/>
		<title>Cobra lilies &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/12.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/12.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/11.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/13.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Cobra lilies</h1>
			<p>Day 00463: Sunday, 2016 June 12</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Today was mostly spent fulfilling social obligations.
	I hung out with my family, which in today&apos;s state of mind, wasn&apos;t too bad.
	Alyssa gave me her gluten-free English muffins because they were too dry.
	They were surprisingly dry, but they&apos;re good with vinegar.
	I can&apos;t be too picky, it&apos;s harder to get edible bread here than it is in Springfield.
	There is a store that sells bread without animal products, but it&apos;s a bit distant from home.
</p>
<p>
	After a while, we went on a short road trip.
	The first main stop was a vegetation preserve that held &quot;darlingtonia&quot; that our mother wanted to show us.
	I had no idea what these were, besides that they were carnivorous plants.
	As it turns out, &quot;darlingtonia&quot; is the genus name of the spices <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Darlingtonia_californica">darlingtonia californica</a>, a plant more commonly known as cobra lilies, cobra orchids, or pitcher plants.
	If I&apos;d heard the term &quot;pitcher plant&quot;, I&apos;d have had a much better idea of what the plant was, but I like the name &quot;cobra lilies&quot; better.
	The &quot;heads&quot; of these plants very much do look like cobras with their hoods flared out, especially when brown and dying.
	I took a photograph of a patch of green and brown pitchers, but as my camera has been blurry for quite some time, it&apos;s not really usable.
	Take a look at the photos on the Wikipedia page if you&apos;re interested.
</p>
<p>
	The other main stop was at <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Steve_Prefontaine">some dude</a>&apos;s grave.
	Unlike the first stop, this one was pretty uneventful.
	I guess this guy is a well-known part of Oregon history, but as far as I know, they were only a famous runner.
	It&apos;s not like they made an important difference in the world, or even in the state.
	To the best of my knowledge, they are simply another celebrity to ignore like any other celebrity.
</p>
<p>
	After this short road trip, we headed to the hills to pick up bullet shells.
	Along the way, our mother told Alyssa a story told to us by our relatives during our recent visit with them, but as usual, couldn&apos;t keep chronology straight, mixing up the cause and the effect.
	It wasn&apos;t a big deal of course, but it made the story make little sense.
	It should serve as a reminder to me that they can&apos;t keep chronology or cause and effect straight though, so I shouldn&apos;t take take their word on that sort of thing when what they say contradicts my own memory.
</p>
<p>
	Alyssa offered me some old calendars that talk about how the volunteer organization that Alyssa works with works, but they had the same information as the one that they already gave me.
	They grabbed the calendars in a rush and didn&apos;t know that they were mostly the same aside from the artwork, so explained that they turned out to be the same and weren&apos;t surprised when I turned the calendars down.
	I need to thin down further, not add more items to my ownership.
	Also, it seems that Alyssa has been migraine-free for a couple days, likely due to the supplements that they&apos;ve just started taking.
	Hopefully these pain-free days continue and the supplements are all that are needed.
</p>
<p>
	While we were all sitting down and resting from our trip, I leaned over to pet the cat and the computer chair that I was sitting on broke in front of everyone.
	One of the five wheeled legs snapped, rendering the chair unusable.
	That was a bit embarrassing.
	I suppose that that&apos;s one less chair that needs to be moved to our new house though.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F12.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

