<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/13.xhtml"/>
		<title>Censorship &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/13.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/13.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/12.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/14.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Censorship</h1>
			<p>Day 00464: Monday, 2016 June 13</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My plan for today was to return bottles for deposit and talk to the people at my dentist&apos;s office about crowns, but Vivian is unexpectedly still here.
	I had assumed that they&apos;d be visiting only for the weekend, but they&apos;re actually here until Thursday.
	Errands can wait.
</p>
<p>
	While our mother was at work and Vanessa was at school, Vivian and I talked about what has been going on in their life.
	People have been finding lead in water in Portland, which is kind of scary.
	Worse still, one of the schools that was found to have lead didn&apos;t admit to there being lead in their water until <strong>*after*</strong> they&apos;d fixed it.
	They were allowing the students to continue drinking it without so much as warning them! Vivian is also now part of a union, but not by choice.
	It seems that in Oregon, if there&apos;s a union related to your field in your area, you&apos;re in it whether you like it or not.
	A new such union has formed in Portland.
	Vivian is against unions due to how regulated they are by the government.
	According to Vivian, unions push down the lower class in an effort to raise the middle class.
	Instead, Vivian prefers the group that they choose to work with, which tries to raise the lower class, an attempt to bring everyone closer to equality.
</p>
<p>
	Vivian claims that one of the books that they bought is illegal to own in this country.
	That&apos;s kind of scary.
	Assuming that they&apos;re right, the fact that the book is illegal, even though it&apos;s purely for peaceful education, is some major censorship.
	Even a non-peaceful book shouldn&apos;t be illegal to own, but the government doesn&apos;t even have the excuse of &quot;trying to protect the peace&quot; with this one.
	My understanding is that there is an edition of this book that&apos;s legal here, but that for some reason, these localized books are illegal outside the country that they are released to.
	I was curious and wanted to look up information on this, but I felt it best that I not not know what book it was, so I didn&apos;t ask.
	The less I know, the less that information could be turned against my sibling.
</p>
<p>
	Vivian, Cyrus, Vanessa, our mother, and I worked in our mother&apos;s classroom for about half the day, boxing things to move out.
	Not only will we need to clear our stuff from our rented home, but also from the classroom.
	Many teaching aids of various types were brought in near the beginning.
	What many people fail to realize is that schoolteachers often spend a lot of their own money on resources for use with their job.
	As our mother won&apos;t be working there next year, we need to haul it with us to their new job, once that job is found.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F13.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

