<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mobile is dying. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mobile is dying.</h1>
			<p>Day 00466: Wednesday, 2016 June 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Vivian, Vanessa, Cyrus, our mother, and I spent most of the day boxing things to take home from the classroom.
	Aside from our mother, we didn&apos;t have any tasks available right away, so I stopped by Mary-Margaret&apos;s room to finish up the <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr>s by building the labels.
	However, it seems that it was too late; Mary-Margaret had given out the <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr>s to their students already.
	Technically, the labels hadn&apos;t been strictly necessary, but they would have been nice.
	I felt a bit bad that I waited a while to find the label template.
	If I&apos;d gotten that downloaded right away, I&apos;d have moved on to downloading <a href="apt:libreoffice">LibreOffice</a> sooner.
	I had no idea that LibreOffice would take so long to download though! I also had a sneaking suspicion that I&apos;d forgotten to return Mary-Margaret&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive, so I asked about that.
	I was right, I&apos;d left it in the computer lab.
	At least it&apos;d already been returned to them or they&apos;d found it themselves though, so they had it back.
</p>
<p>
	The gym teacher came in and asked if we could put large letters and numbers on paper, ranging from &quot;A1&quot; to &quot;B14&quot;.
	The initial plan was to attempt to write them very neatly, but we quickly decided to instead just type them up on a computer in a clear font.
	What&apos;s the clearest font probably known to man? Monospace! So I typed up a document in LibreOffice on my laptop in Monospace, as I&apos;d brought my laptop this time to use for building the <abbr title="digital versatile disc">DVD</abbr> labels.
	With one letter/number combination on each page, I sent the document to my mother, as my computer isn&apos;t hooked up to the school printers.
	Opening it on the Windows machine did not go as expected though.
	While the document remained in &quot;Monospace&quot;, it wasn&apos;t the Monospace that we all know and love.
	Instead, Microsoft has put some fancy, curvy font with that name into their system! The clarity of the characters was lost and both my mother and the gym teacher questioned my choice in fonts.
	I showed them what it looked like on my machine though, and they agreed that Monospace (the <strong>*real*</strong> Monospace, anyway) was the perfect font for the job.
	They looked through the available fonts on Windows and chose something more reasonable than Windows &quot;Monospace&quot;, then printed it.
	Why would Microsoft do something like this?
</p>
<p>
	Alyssa (the vegan teacher at my mother&apos;s school) caught me in the hall and wanted to discuss vegan restaurants that they know of in Eugene.
	I think that they were trying to recommend them to me, but I&apos;m not in Eugine, so it&apos;s not like I&apos;ll be stopping by these places any time soon.
	Likewise, I tend to eat fast food occasionally, but I don&apos;t go to sit-down restaurants unless someone else wants to go, and they tend to know where they want to eat already.
	More interestingly, it seems that Alyssa&apos;s been vegan for two years while their partner has been vegan for twenty.
</p>
<p>
	After that, another teacher had Cyrus and I go stack tables in their room.
	Strangely, one of that teacher&apos;s children asked if I was able to speak.
	What a random question! I then proceeded to pretend that I couldn&apos;t speak whenever that child was in the room just to amuse myself.
	At first, the child didn&apos;t seem to believe me.
	If they weren&apos;t going to believe my answer, why did they ask? By the end of the day though, I had them convinced that I was mute.
</p>
<p>
	My mobile&apos;s functionality is deteriorating.
	Now, it keeps losing all the files on the <abbr title="File Allocation Table">FAT</abbr> <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card.
	Combine that with the fact that it can&apos;t even read Ext4 <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> cards any more, and it&apos;s having serious <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card issues.
	I&apos;m not sure how much longer I want to deal with this.
	There&apos;s got to be a reasonable solution to the problem.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

