<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>The dead are gone, right? &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The dead are gone, right?</h1>
			<p>Day 00467: Thursday, 2016 June 16</p>
		</header>
<p>
	At some point before I shut down my mobile for an extended period of time because of the <abbr title="Secure Digital">SD</abbr> card issues, I had to wake up kind of early for something.
	I forget what it was; it might have been a trip to Springfield.
	In any case, I set my alarm for 06:00.
	Since starting the mobile back up, it&apos;s woken me up every day at that time because I&apos;m too tired to fix it in the morning after it wakes me up and I don&apos;t think about it later in the day.
	This morning, I shut off the alarm so it&apos;ll stop getting me up, but only after it had awoken me from an awful nightmare.
	I&apos;m glad that the alarm put an end to my misery, though looking back, I would have probably forgotten the dream if my alarm hadn&apos;t gone off.
	After all, we only remember the dreams that waking interrupts, and I&apos;m not sure what else would have gotten me up at that time.
</p>
<p>
	Vivian departed this morning, though not as early as they wanted to.
	Our mother wanted Vivian to bring some of our junk to store at their place, but wouldn&apos;t tell them what to take until this morning, so we couldn&apos;t even begin packing the car last night.
	As Vivian left, they gave me bread, rice, and macaroni with vegan cheese that they didn&apos;t want to have to bring back with them.
</p>
<p>
	Today was the last day of school, both for Vanessa and our mother.
	Cyrus, Vanessa, our mother, and I worked in our mother&apos;s classroom most of the day to get our mother out of there.
	Between jobs, Cyrus, Vanessa, and I drew and wrote goofy things on the whiteboard.
	For example, Vanessa drew an analogue clock in a square, labeling it &quot;clock in&quot;, and an analogue clock outside of a square, labelling that one &quot;clock out&quot;! I decided to write a haiku (this haiku, like the rest of this website, is licensed under the terms of the <abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr>):
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		Haikus are easy:<br/>
		five/seven/five syllables.<br/>
		Won&apos;t you please write one?
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	Cyrus just wrote down a haiku that they&apos;d heard from a friend, but Vanessa wrote a creative zombie poem:
</p>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		The dead are gone, right?
		But not for long, sonny-boy.
		The dead will soon rise.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	Vanessa (Vanessa Desperado) has released this haiku under the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International">CC BY-SA 4.0</abbr> license, but has waived the attribution requirement.
</p>
<p>
	Alyssa (the vegan teacher) wanted to talk about veganism for an extended period of time today, though I was anxious to get back to my mother&apos;s classroom.
	Sure, I&apos;m vegan, but there&apos;s nothing really that needs to be said about it.
	They sent me a link to a video via email, then showed me part of another video on their computer.
	Alyssa talked through part of the video though, and stopped the video about halfway through, so I didn&apos;t catch much.
	The main point though was the importance of getting enough <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Lysine">lysine</a>, and Alyssa says that lysine can be found in lentils, garbanzo beans, black beans, and white beans.
	I should probably work those into my diet more.
	After that, we worked on cleaning up Alyssa&apos;s room while Alyssa discussed several aspects of their own veganism, such as that they don&apos;t allow their students to kill bugs and that they always try to bring fancy vegan foods to potlucks in an attempt to dispel the thought that vegan food is either simple fruit or strange substitutes.
	After a while, I thought I heard my mother yelling for me, so I said my farewell and left.
</p>
<p>
	As it turned out, I hadn&apos;t been called.
	My mind probably generated the sound because I&apos;d been trying to leave for a while but didn&apos;t know how to escape.
	It wasn&apos;t that I don&apos;t like Alyssa, but I was there to help my mother and I wasn&apos;t sure what they&apos;d think of me being gone the whole time.
	As it turns out, I still wasn&apos;t needed and there was still hardly anything for Cyrus, Vanessa, and I to do, so I quickly grew bored and wanted to go back and help Alyssa.
	I&apos;m always on edge about that type of thing though, as my mother&apos;s quite funny.
	I never know when my mother is going to take something such as my absence as a personal attack, so I stayed in my mother&apos;s classroom.
	In retrospect though, as long as I was being useful to Alyssa, there shouldn&apos;t have been an issue.
	I was there to get stuff done and my mother had nothing for us to do.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, we stopped at a grocery store, where some sale items were ambiguously labeled.
	Specifically, there was a sign telling us that mangoes were on sale, but there were a couple different types of mangoes present.
	We had no way to know which ones were on sale, as the sign didn&apos;t match the labels of either mango type, so my mother chose the type that they wanted to be on sale.
	When checking out, the mangoes came up under the regular price instead of the sale price, so my mother called over an employee (my mother always uses self-checkout, so there wasn&apos;t one present already).
	The employee didn&apos;t want to override the price without actually checking the details of the situation, which made my mother angry.
	The person was only doing their job!
	They found that it was the other mangoes that were really on sale, and it angered my mother further that they wouldn&apos;t give us the sale price on the mangoes that weren&apos;t on sale.
	Yes, it&apos;s true that the sale sign should be much more clear about what&apos;s actually on sale, but this isn&apos;t the fault of the employee that we spoke with and the employee was just doing their job properly by not changing the price for us.
	It&apos;s exactly this sort of bizarre thought pattern that makes me nervous around my mother.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

