<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>We&apos;re almost done at the school. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>We&apos;re almost done at the school.</h1>
			<p>Day 00470: Sunday, 2016 June 19</p>
		</header>
<p>
	This morning, we unloaded the van of last night&apos;s load, then took three more loads from the school.
	We&apos;ve finished removing everything that needs to be removed, save for some paperwork that will be needed there tomorrow.
	Our plan is to pick it up tomorrow, finish some last-minute tasks (such as returning library books and checking out of the classroom for the year), then head to Portland or Salem to search for a place to rent.
	It sounds like we&apos;ll be gone for a few days though.
	I&apos;ve finally finished catching up (I&apos;ve been behind in writing weblog entries for about a month until today, having to write them from notes I took on their respective days, which is why I&apos;ve done zero work on <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a> for a while), and now I&apos;ll probably end up behind again.
	There&apos;s a chance that instead of house hunting, we&apos;ll instead just come home after picking up Cyrus and Vanessa, then work on setting up for our yard sale, so I may or may not actually disappear for a few days.
</p>
<p>
	The landlords stopped by again while we were away.
	It seems that they&apos;ve erected a new fence to replace one that was old, rotted, and had blown down in the wind.
	They don&apos;t seem to actually care about the quality though.
	They didn&apos;t anchor it well, just burying the posts in the sand without any cement to hold them down.
	They only need the fence to remain up long enough for the house to sell.
	After that, they simply don&apos;t care.
</p>
<p>
	I was going to work on include.d as soon as I caught up with my journal entry writing, but now that I might not be here for a few days, I&apos;m just not feeling it.
	I don&apos;t want to jump back into that project knowing that I&apos;ll likely be kept away from it after I start.
	I&apos;ll lose my train of thought.
	If I wait until we return, I&apos;ll probably do better and more consistent work.
</p>
<p>
	Before turning in for the night, my mother and I headed out to the hills to search for bullet shells.
	I didn&apos;t find all that many (only three), but my mother found a couple pockets full.
	I wonder if our new residence will have woodland places such as this to go searching at.
	I think my mother might go crazy (er, crazier) if they can&apos;t get out and walk among the trees every few days.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

