<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Softer &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Softer</h1>
			<p>Day 00471: <time>Monday, 2016 June 20</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother said that there was nothing left for me to do at the school, so they departed alone to finish up their business there while I stayed home to work on dishes.
	It took much longer than I&apos;d anticipated though, and I was a bit worried that they&apos;d taken off for Springfield without me.
	As it turned out, my mother never meant to stay at the school so long, several unexpected tasks had just come up.
	Once they got back, we loaded up the van, and headed out to Springfield to drop off stuff and pick up Vanessa and Cyrus.
</p>
<p>
	On the way there, we got stuck in traffic on the highway that&apos;d come to a complete stop.
	We feared that another motor vehicle accident was to blame, but it turned out to be road work.
	My mother was relieved, saying that they&apos;d rather sit through a thirty-minute delay caused by road work than a ten-minute delay caused by a traffic accident.
	That was quite a shock for me! I can&apos;t seem to locate the incident in this journal, so I&apos;m unsure if it predated the journal or if I just failed to mention it, but my mother once felt quite the opposite.
	Much to my horror, when there was a large traffic delay in Springfield, they&apos;d been quite disappointed about not at least getting to see an accident at the end of it.
	Perhaps Coos Bay has changed my mother.
	Along that same train of thought, my mother seems like a much softer person today than they have been in the recent past.
	Working in an awful school has been doing a number on them, but now that they&apos;re out, maybe they&apos;re starting to regain their sanity in part.
	We ended up taking a different route home to bypass the roadwork.
	While it was nice to know that the cause was benign, there still wasn&apos;t any point in us possibly sitting through the delay again.
</p>
<p>
	While in Springfield, I noticed that the Mormons had left me a greeting card.
	What do they want with me? I was happy to see that they have my old address on file instead of my new address, but they left no contact information of their own.
	So basically, a random church that I have no affiliation with has reached out to me, but but hasn&apos;t provided any way for me to actually respond.
	What good does that do them?
</p>
<p>
	I spoke with Vanessa, and they&apos;ve now told me what they really wanted all along.
	They said they&apos;d give anything to remain in Coos Bay with their friends.
	However, while our mother had probed for such information on many occasions, Vanessa hadn&apos;t told them such.
	Our mother said that they&apos;d have been willing to suffer through their unbearable job for four more years if needed to get Vanessa through school, but as Vanessa didn&apos;t communicate that this was wanted, our mother quit their job to look for one less miserable.
	Vanessa sacrificed getting to remain with their friends to make our mother less unhappy.
	Hopefully having our mother in a happier and saner state will also aid in Vanessa&apos;s happiness.
	It&apos;s too late to unquit their job at this point, there&apos;s no going back.
	Vanessa also mentioned wanting to set up a pair of weblogs, one about helping humanity and one containing creative writing works by Vanessa themself, but wasn&apos;t sure even how to set one up.
	I suggested finding a <a href="apt:wordpress">Wordpress</a> host, as Wordpress is free software and gratis hosts are available.
	It also helps that Vanessa was required to use Wordpress for a school-assigned weblog during the school year before last, so Vanessa&apos;s familiar with using the software.
	Nudging Vanessa towards Wordpress seemed successful, and and it&apos;s likely that Vanessa will end up hosting with <a href="https://wordpress.org/"><code>//wordpress.org</code></a> because they&apos;re the easiest to find Wordpress host.
</p>
<p>
	On the way home, we stopped by the site of the dead porcupine because our mother wanted to show it off to Cyrus and Vanessa.
	That seems kind of morbid to me, but whatever.
	Because we were already in the hills at this point, we also gathered up some bullet shells before heading home.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

