<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/21.xhtml"/>
		<title>Slough &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/21.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/21.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/20.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/22.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Slough</h1>
			<p>Day 00472: Tuesday, 2016 June 21</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Cyrus&apos; computer overheats all the time, so I offered to try to clean out the fan for Cyrus.
	It worked on my machine, it might work on their&apos;s.
	However, I couldn&apos;t get the fan out to properly clean it and I couldn&apos;t find any dust in it from the only angles I could access the fan from.
	It then occurred to me that Cyrus&apos; laptop has been overheating since the day Cyrus got it, and it was a refurbished laptop.
	A clogged fan wasn&apos;t likely the problem.
	I did add two gigabytes of <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> to the machine for Cyrus&apos; trouble though, and to get it out of my <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> stash.
	I have several <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> sticks still, but I never have any machines to put them in.
</p>
<p>
	For a couple days now, a friend&apos;s been trying to get me to change the name &quot;Margret&quot; to use the spelling &quot;Margaret&quot; in some past entries on this journal.
	I&apos;ve been refusing on the grounds that &quot;Margret&quot; is a legitimate name as well and the name holder was introduced to me as &quot;Ma-ry-Mar-gret&quot;, not &quot;Ma-ry-Mar-gar-et&quot;.
	Unless people are pronouncing the name phonetically, I saw no reason to assume that the non-phonetic spelling was the correct one over the phonetic spelling.
	This friend is persistent though, and located an old <a href="http://bunker.cbd9.net./staff_page">Bunker Hill staff page</a> with the name spelled out.
	This staff page appears to be from when Bunker Hill Elementary was going to be reopened, an endeavor that was canceled, but there&apos;s no mistaking the photograph that goes along with the name; it&apos;s the same person.
	I&apos;ve not amended my past entries to use the correct spelling of this person&apos;s name.
</p>
<p>
	I took a trip into town to cancel my dental appointment and speak with the two banks that service accounts on my behalf.
	Canceling the appointment went exactly as expected of course, but I had mixed results with the banks.
	In truth, I wanted to close the accounts, but I feel like I need a reason to do so.
	The We don&apos;t know where we&apos;re going yet, but the assumption is that we&apos;re going to Portland or Salem, with Salem being preferred.
	Being in Salem would put us much closer to our mother&apos;s Portland-based family than we are now, but would lessen the risks of unexpected house guests that we&apos;d likely have in Portland itself.
	Bank of the Cascades has branches in both cities, so I didn&apos;t cancel my account with them.
	I don&apos;t really have any beef with them anyway.
	Banner Bank on the other hand has a branch in Portland but not Salem.
	I really want this account closed, but I&apos;m unsure if I should actually close it yet, so I didn&apos;t.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I went home to grab bottles to return for deposit, which I was planning to take alone.
	Cyrus invited themself along though, despite knowing that I hate taking bottles back in a group.
	If I&apos;m doing it, it&apos;s a waste of the group&apos;s time to come with me.
	If the group is doing it, it&apos;s a waste of <strong>*my*</strong> time to be there.
	Unknown to Cyrus at the time though, I just needed an excuse to leave the house and get to that particular store, which also offers dog tag engravings, so it worked out.
	With Cyrus already coming, I invited Vanessa as well so Vanessa wouldn&apos;t feel left out.
	There was only one open bottle return machine present, so there was no way that all of us could be of any use at once, so I left the two of them to deal with the bottles while I went in to get an engraved dog tag.
	Unfortunately, lower-case letters were not available for engraving.
	That means that I couldn&apos;t include any <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> on the tag that contains case-sensitive components that needed to be lower case.
	I&apos;d planned on adding an email address and <abbr title="Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol">XMPP</abbr> address among other options, but that was off the table now.
	These <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s contain path components.
	Userinfo components would be equally problematic.
	Instead, I had engraved only my name and the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> <a href="https://y.st./">HTTPS://Y.ST./</a>.
	There wasn&apos;t any space for the delimiting angle brackets, but it&apos;s good enough.
</p>
<p>
	At the end of the day, Vanessa, Cyrus, our mother, and I went out to hike through a slough and through its surrounding forest for two hours.
	It was a very beautiful area, though the final half hour was difficult.
	We were in a rush to get out before dark, so we had to take the most direct route: straight up what was probably the steepest hill there.
	The paths in both the slough and the forest were very nice and (aside from the steep path out) were quite easy to traverse.
	The forest paths were nice and smooth, free of debris, large roots, and small vegetation.
	This was despite the fact that on either side of the path, highly-dense plant life was everywhere.
	Through the slow, well-kept boardwalks were provided.
	They passed through what was probably the densest field of skunk cabbage that I&apos;d ever seen.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F21.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

