<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/22.xhtml"/>
		<title>&quot;Bowling dollars&quot; &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/22.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/22.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/21.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/23.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>&quot;Bowling dollars&quot;</h1>
			<p>Day 00473: <time>Wednesday, 2016 June 22</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I went out for a sandwich today, seeing as my mother can&apos;t stand the scent of my cooking and there&apos;s nothing vegan to eat around the house that doesn&apos;t require cooking.
	On the way out, I rode too close to a telephone pole that happened to have a nail sticking out; it caught on my shirt and ripped it, in addition to hurting my arm slightly.
	I should really try not to ride so close to obstacles, but it&apos;d also be nice if people removed their nails when they were done with them; they&apos;re a needless hazard.
	When I got home, I heard that my mother would get weird as usual if they knew I&apos;d gone out for food.
	They hate my diet and I don&apos;t need the fact that there&apos;s nothing to eat at home rubbed in their face.
	With that in mind, I lied about my trip when they asked.
	I told them that I went out to cancel my dental appointment, which I actually did yesterday.
	The results weren&apos;t what I&apos;d hoped for.
	Instead of dismissing the issue, my mother said to have the dental office call me if an appointment opened up this week.
	First, that puts me on the hook, waiting for a blasted telephone call for an appointment that I won&apos;t actually get! Second, I despise the telephone number system and won&apos;t give out a working number to anyone, save for a potential employer.
	I do have the land line number that I could have given out, but that line was set up for job hunting only.
	I would rather avoid having an appointment at all than have to have anything to do with the telephone number system.
	I&apos;m just going to silently ignore these orders.
	My mother will never know.
	In addition to being overstressed by the move (so they&apos;ll likely forget about the appointment entirely), the period of time in which the orders are relevant is so short that no one would call anyway.
	My mother knows that I hate telephones, though I don&apos;t think that they comprehend why.
	Asking me to set anything up that both relates to myself and involves the telephone number system is unreasonable.
</p>
<p>
	We hiked around in the slough area again for another two hours, but this time, we planned a bit better.
	We were able to get out in time without having to take the steep, uphill shortcut.
	After leaving, we went to a local bowling alley to get a bite to eat.
	My mother&apos;s team had won some &quot;bowling dollars&quot; from some knowledge-based competition and my mother had been designated as the receiver of the prize in full.
	We&apos;re not sure why that was, as each &quot;bowling dollar&quot; had been printed on a separate sheet of paper and the prize could easily be split amongst the team members, but now they needed to be spent before we leave town as not to go to waste.
</p>
<p>
	Tomorrow, we plan to set up for our yard sale, but we&apos;ll see how that goes.
	We always get delayed for one reason or another.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F22.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

