<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>My mother is so stubborn (like Vanessa and me). &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My mother is so stubborn (like Vanessa and me).</h1>
			<p>Day 00476: Saturday, 2016 June 25</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I mostly ran the yard sale again today.
	Yesterday, I didn&apos;t really have anything that I could do between customers, but this time, I was more prepared.
	I&apos;m not sure how much longer we&apos;ll have Internet access, so I started my much-needed Debian downgrade to Stable.
	While customers were around, I went out to help them and my machine set up parts of the system, but while they were gone, I came back inside and entered more information into the installer.
	Strangely, the installer couldn&apos;t connect to the Internet over Wi-Fi.
	It found both my wireless card and the wireless access point with no difficulty (displaying the name of our access point and other local access points in a list), but couldn&apos;t actually download anything for some reason.
	I&apos;m not sure what the deal was.
	Installing over an Ethernet cable instead worked though, so that&apos;s what I did.
	Once the system was set up, Wi-Fi worked out of the box without any extra effort.
	Strange.
	What&apos;s up with the installer then?
</p>
<p>
	My mother wanted me to create a Facebook account and use it to post about the yard sale, not wanting the address to be associated with their own name.
	Yet somehow, my mother&apos;s against me trying to have privacy myself on most occasions.
	Why didn&apos;t my mother just set up the second account themself? In any case, I figured I&apos;d comply, knowing that Facebook would demand a telephone number, and I&apos;d give Facebook my mother&apos;s number and show my mother how annoying it is that companies demand telephone numbers.
	Then maybe, my mother would understand a bit better that I don&apos;t want companies to have a telephone number on record for me.
	My mother would care because my mother doesn&apos;t want to be contacted, while I instead don&apos;t want to be identified by a number instead of a name.
	It wouldn&apos;t be quite the same, but it might get enough of the message across.
	However, much to my delight and surprise, Facebook demanded that I present them with photographic <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> instead, not even asking for a telephone number! Not only would my mother not be interested in having their identity linked to the address even further, there&apos;s probably not even time for Facebook to process the <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>! Facebooks is such a bunch of privacy- and freedom-haters, I swear.
	Obviously, the plan to create a Facebook account in order to advertise the sale on Facebook was canceled.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother made the claim that Vanessa gets their stubbornness from me today, which of course makes little sense.
	I explained that my stubbornness comes from our mother, so while it&apos;s most likely that Vanessa inherited or learned stubbornness from them and not me, even if Vanessa did learn it from me, it would have meant indirectly learning it from our mother.
	Our mother retorted that they themself are stubborn in cases that stubbornness is positive, but that Vanessa and I are stubborn about stupid things.
	I explained that in many, many cases, our mother is the one being stubborn to the point of idiocy, so they asked for an example.
	Our mother retains jumbled details of everything in their head a all times, so they can come out with examples, even if only flawed ones often, for anything, and seems to expect others to be able to do the same.
	I didn&apos;t have an example right away though, as I don&apos;t keep such things in <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr>; I have more important things on my mind.
	After a while, a recent example hit me though: our discussion on <a href="/en/weblog/2016/05-May/17.xhtml">even and odd dollar amounts</a>.
	This started mother off arguing again that they were right about even and odd dollar amounts, despite the fact that even and odd dollar amounts weren&apos;t even relevent to today&apos;s conversation.
	Of course, I dropped the issue again right away, but bringing it up had successfully proved my point: my mother is stubborn to the point of idiocy.
	If Vanessa got their stubbornness from me, it was still indirectly from our mother, and I most certainly got it from our mother.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa put our clay pigeon collection (that we gathered over several trips out in the hills hunting for bullet shells) out on the lawn, arranged into groups.
	I misunderstood the groups though.
	While there were actually one hundred twenty-eight pigeons, I thought that there were about half that.
	The pigeons were labeled as costing one dollar for every twenty pigeons, so sixty pigeons would have been three dollars.
	Someone offered me two dollars for all of them, so I took it, figuring that it meant we&apos;d have them all gone for sure.
	The person later gave me an extra dollar for them, so we were up to three dollars for them, but our mother was frustrated that I&apos;d sold them so cheaply.
	Upon my later calculation though, I found that I&apos;d only cost us three dollars.
	They were old weathered pigeons too, we&apos;d just found them in the hills.
	Our mother had been trying to sell them for almost full price (I&apos;d looked up how much they cost online before our mother priced them), so anyone that knew what they were talking about wouldn&apos;t have bought them at such prices.
	I will be more careful in the future though.
	If my mother would rather deal with the clay disks staying around when we don&apos;t have space for them than getting a little bit of money for them, so be it.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

