<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;ve been accepted! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;ve been accepted!</h1>
			<p>Day 00477: <time>Sunday, 2016 June 26</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	My mother decided to post about our yard sale using their own Facebook account after all.
	Apparently, using an advertising method other than Facebook isn&apos;t an option to them.
	How effective is Facebook for local yard sale listing, anyway? It doesn&apos;t seem to me like it&apos;d be of much value.
	In any case, my mother was dead set on getting the yard sale listed on Facebook, so that&apos;s exactly what they got.
</p>
<p>
	Vanessa and Cyrus took turns watching the yard sale while I cleaned out the cooler, then the refrigerator and freezer.
	I was instructed that anything freezer burnt or unimportant should be thrown out, so that&apos;s what I did.
	I found <strong>*so much*</strong> freezer burnt meat that had to be removed.
	The meat-eaters in this house don&apos;t eat the food that they buy.
	These are lives that they&apos;ve had snuffed out, and they haven&apos;t even bothered to make use of them.
	What a waste.
	If it had been vegetables, I&apos;d have eaten them myself long ago.
	We seriously don&apos;t keep enough vegetables in the house.
</p>
<p>
	I also checked in on my University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span> application online.
	I&apos;ve been anxiously waiting for a response from them, but hadn&apos;t yet.
	I&apos;ve been accepted! Frustrated that they didn&apos;t email me about my acceptance as they said they would, I checked my email, and sure enough, they sent me a letter informing me three days ago - I&apos;ve just been too busy to check my email in that time period.
	It&apos;s a good thing that I checked now though, as I was expected to respond by the thirtieth of this month, confirming my enrollment and choosing a starting term.
	I chose the September term; the November term was the only other available option.
	My mother wanted to know if my credits from my last school would transfer to my new school.
	I wasn&apos;t sure how to break it to them that I&apos;d rather start fresh than be associated with that terrible other school.
	They weren&apos;t supportive and they were not understanding.
	I don&apos;t want their name on my degree, and if possible, I&apos;d like to have my record with them stricken.
	However, if I were to say that, it&apos;d likely start an argument.
	Thankfully, I located information while skimming University of <span class="redacted">[REDACTED]</span>&apos;s terms of service indicating that they do not take transfer credits at all at this time, from any school.
	I can get what I need without any hassling from my mother.
</p>
<p>
	At the end of the day, we bagged up everything that we need to be rid of (save for the refrigerator) so that we can haul it off and donate it tomorrow.
</p>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2017/11-November/02.xhtml">2017-11-02</a>, this journal page was modified in order to redact the name of the university and the link to their website.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

