<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>The server is now down indefinitely. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/06-June/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/06-June/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The server is now down indefinitely.</h1>
			<p>Day 00480: Wednesday, 2016 June 29</p>
		</header>
<p>
	While working on some last-minute packing, I finally peeled the stickers off of my old <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> membership card <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive.
	The card/<abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive hybrid idea is an interesting one, so the drive itself is worth keeping, but the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> actively supports the creation on nonfree works.
	As such, I can&apos;t really support the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> in good conscience.
</p>
<p>
	Having gotten our beds and dressers out of the way, we can now see that the wall&apos;s been damaged behind Cyrus&apos; dresser and the floor&apos;s been torn up under my bed.
	I&apos;m not sure what&apos;s with the damage behind the dresser, but my guess is that the floor got torn up at some point when the bed was being moved near the beginning of our stay there.
	Our cat was freaked out by the move and kept hiding under the bed, so we kept bringing it out to try to show it that everything was okay.
	I offered to pay the security deposit on the house, which seemed to keep our mother from completely blowing their top.
	It&apos;s not an inexpensive bill to foot though.
</p>
<p>
	I shut down <a href="/en/domains/cepo.local.xhtml"><code>//cepo.local.</code></a> today to get it packed up, though I&apos;d forgotten that the server had been being used for <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> requests.
	The last computer on the local network that isn&apos;t using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> couldn&apos;t make proper use of the Internet due to my oversight! It was a quick fix once I located the problem though, so no real harm done.
</p>
<p>
	One of the landlords stopped by today thinking that they&apos;d check us out of the house a day early.
	For some reason, they thought we&apos;d be completely out of the house, even though we&apos;ve paid through the end of the month.
	After seeing that we weren&apos;t even close to being out and that they&apos;d have to come by later, they left.
</p>
<p>
	We had to have the front door open so we could move furniture out, so Frances (our cat) escaped for a bit.
	Frances has a tendency to try to get out, but then once out, cower because the outside world is intimidating.
	Catching the cat was easy as usual, but Frances had managed to cover its belly in burrs that needed to be picked out.
	With its fur being so long, getting the burrs out itself wouldn&apos;t have been an easy task, so I picked them out for it.
</p>
<p>
	Cyrus went over and talked to the trucker next door and ask them to help us move the moving van and its vehicle-towing trailer later.
	The trucker agreed to help.
	When we were moving in, that same trucker helped us too, though that time, they&apos;d offered.
	Our mother also managed to talk the moving van company into letting us use two of their storage units instead of the promised one unit, so we should have enough space, I hope.
</p>
<p>
	We continued loading up the moving van for most of the day, then took another load to Springfield on the minivan.
	My mother asked me to back their computer files up onto a <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive tomorrow.
	I planned to do it tonight, but by the time we arrived home again, I was too tired.
	As long as I get them backed up tomorrow though, it&apos;ll be fine.
	Many of these files are needed for job seeking, so as we won&apos;t have Internet access for a while, the <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive is needed so that a borrowed computer with an Internet connection will do.
	Tomorrow, Cyrus and our mother will take another load to Springfield in the minivan.
	I&apos;ll probably use that opportunity to close down my bank account and pay my mobile bill, then I&apos;ll get back to work and continue loading up the moving van.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F06-June%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

