<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/01.xhtml"/>
		<title>The alias &quot;Yst Dawson&quot; begins to take shape in the real world &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/01.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/01.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/04-April/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/02.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>The alias &quot;Yst Dawson&quot; begins to take shape in the real world</h1>
			<p>Day 00055: <time>Friday, 2015 May 01</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I had a bizarre dream in which I was riding my bike (I don&apos;t currently have a bike in the real world) with my coworker, Jon.
	We got to the area that my house (which was actually my former house in the real world) should have been, but my house wasn&apos;t quite right.
	We continued to the end of the street to check the street signs, but I found that instead of being at the corner of H and 21st, we were at the intersection of two named streets I had never heard of.
	During the entire ride, I had been ignoring my coworker, pretending what he said was drown out by my headphones, which I was in fact wearing, but they were turned off.
	Once I knew I was totally lost, I took off the headphones and quit pretending to listen to music.
	We talked, and it turned out we both knew this was a dream.
	I thought he was a figment of my dream, but he thought we were both real people sharing a dream.
	As I knew him from the real world, I considered the possibility, but still thought he was probably not the real Jon.
	At some point, I woke up, but just into another dream.
	In this one, there were several people that I don&apos;t know in the real world, but I did know in the dream and was convinced that I knew in the real world.
	By this point, I was convinced that either I was sleepwalking but experiencing the world as if I was not or that this was in fact a shared dream.
	If the latter, I would be able to communicate with other dreamers and convey things they didn&apos;t know in the real world only for them to confirm they got the message once we met up in the real world.
	These people were convinced that I was not asleep and that this was not a dream, but I told them all I needed them to do was remember a word for me.
	Originally, I asked the trio to remember a word that they had said.
	I forget the exact word now as my dream fades from my mind, but it meant something like &quot;crazy&quot;.
	At the last minute, I switched to a word they shouldn&apos;t know at all: &quot;Yst&quot;.
	I said the word, then spelled it for them.
	It&apos;s a made-up word, and there&apos;s not really a reason to know it normally.
	The woman in the group told me three letters: &quot;mih&quot;.
	As I woke myself up, I realized I should have instead given them my email address.
	Once I was fully awake though, I realized that these people were fictional and not people I knew in the real world, so it didn&apos;t matter anyway.
</p>
<p>
	I looked up &quot;mih&quot;.
	I thought she had been speaking in text talk and that it was an abbreviation for something, but MiH is a brand of womens&apos; jeans.
	<code>Noctis</code> of <a href="ircs://irc.veekun.com:6697/%23flora">#flora</a> said it could also be &quot;him&quot; backwards or an alternate spelling of &quot;meh&quot;.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com/">Josh Woodward</a> released another of his song demos to his <a href="https://www.patreon.com/joshwoodward">Patreon</a> supporters yesterday.
	I can&apos;t say much right now due to Josh&apos;s desire to keep it mostly-secret until the full release, but it&apos;s a beautiful song and I will be ecstatic to be able to add it to my play list once it is made publicly available.
</p>
<p>
	I have just ordered a credit card for Yst Dawson, an alias I&apos;ve been using in the real world for a while now.
	This card is attached to a Discover account under my legal name, and Discover didn&apos;t ask for any personally-identifying information beyond a first and last name for the new card.
	The intent with their system is to add cards for friends and family members to use to spend off your account with, but it also provides a great way to avoid giving your legal name to online merchants.
	Discover will still have your legal name, but it&apos;s more reasonable for your money account provider to require your legal name than for a merchant to do such.
	Discover said the card will arrive in the mail in five to seven business days when I requested it, but I later got an email saying that I should contact them immediately if the card does not arrive in four to six business days.
	Once it arrives, I will likely set up my Patreon account to use the new card.
	Discover did not allow arbitrary characters in the add-on card holder&apos;s name, so I wasn&apos;t able to create a card suitable for making publicly-attributed payments with, as I would want them attributed to this site&apos;s Web address.
</p>
<p>
	If I manage to get ahold of a tablet <abbr title="International Mobile Station Equipment Identity">IMEI</abbr> though, my new card should be useful for setting up service with MetroPCS.
	The government and criminals alike can monitor your mobile traffic.
	My data connection is behind <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, so that information is safe, but they can still read account details used to connect to the mobile network with.
	I&apos;m not sure if criminals can use this information but the government is able to take this information to the carriers and ask who you are.
	They use this information to basically take roll sometimes, often at protests and other completely-legal events that they just don&apos;t approve of.
	It&apos;s better that your carrier not know who you are.
	Of course, if the government is really trying to figure out who I am, the billing address narrows it down quite a bit.
	Still, it&apos;s better than using my legal name.
	The government should have to put a little effort into finding me if they aren&apos;t going to get a warrant first.
</p>
<p>
	While on the Discover website, I tried once again to update my user name and password, but again, to no avail.
	I will likely try reaching out to their Web support team when I get a chance.
	Web support seems unavailable at this time, likely due to being after business hours.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F01.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

