<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/03.xhtml"/>
		<title>My Discover account is finally up-to-date &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/03.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/03.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/02.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/04.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My Discover account is finally up-to-date</h1>
			<p>Day 00057: <time>Sunday, 2015 May 03</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Discover wrote back, claiming that my &quot;out-of-date&quot; browser is the cause of the inability to change my user name and password.
	However, the server is throwing an error upon submission of the form, not the browser.
	The only reason the browser&apos;s version would have anything to do with it is if the website is doing something stupid such as sniffing the user-agent string.
	I&apos;m using a fork of a fairly recent version of Firefox, as I&apos;m using Iceweasel from the testing version of Debian.
	I don&apos;t have the option to upgrade unless I install the nonfree nonforked Firefox.
	I won&apos;t do that, and I&apos;m convinced this isn&apos;t the issue anyway.
	I modified my user-agent string to claim to be the latest version of Firefox, then tried again.
	As expected, the form still returns an error message upon submission.
	The representative at Discover said that if updating the browser did not work, I should call telephone support.
	Dealing with telephone support, even responsive telephone support that does not put you on hold for hours, is aggravating.
	Thankfully, I no longer have a telephone line and cannot submit to requests that I call telephone representatives.
	I reported back that the browser upgrade did not work and that I have no telephone with which to call their support line.
	The representative told me that I should pretend my password is lost and perform a password reset.
	Doing so required me to dig out my Social Security card to enter the number into the site, which was annoying, but it fixed the password issue.
	I later went back wondering if it would have fixed the user name form, and it had.
	For whatever reason, changing my password made it once again possible to change my user name (and presumably my password, but I didn&apos;t check) normally.
	I will have to keep this in mind for next time if it happens again, though I honestly hope I never need to change my user name again.
	My user name is almost always tied to my domain name, so the only reason I would need to change my user name is if I ended up changing domains again.
	I&apos;d really rather keep this domain if at all possible, unless I somehow manage to get an even shorter one.
	The only feasible way to get a shorter domain would be to apply for control of a three-character <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>, but that is prohibitively expensive.
	Even shorter would be if I could control a <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr>, but that practically would require running my own country, or a one-character <abbr title="generic top-level domain">gTLD</abbr>, but <abbr title="Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers">ICANN</abbr> or <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> or whoever said applications for those would only be considered for use for the public good or something like that.
	I forget the details, and I don&apos;t disagree with that stance, but the point is that <code>//y.st.</code> is the shortest name a normal guy like me is likely to manage to acquire.
	I&apos;ve got a pretty sweet name here, and I hope never to need to change it.
</p>
<p>
	I messed around with the MetroPCS site&apos;s device activation page, but it does not like either of my devices&apos; <abbr title="International Mobile Station Equipment Identity">IMEI</abbr>s.
	Activating service on my Replicant device over the Web with MetroPCS will not be possible, even if I would settle for one of their smartphone plans instead of a tablet plan.
	But the fact is that MetroPCS&apos;s best smartphone plan is not as good as the secret $30 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> T-Mobile plan that T-Mobile doesn&apos;t like to tell people about.
	MetroPCS&apos;s plan costs the same price, comes with less high-speed data, and is on a carrier that charges $3 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> just to pay your bill (so the T-Mobile option ends up being slightly less expensive anyway).
	When the time comes, I&apos;ll try to get the T-Mobile tablet plan.
	If that doesn&apos;t work out, there&apos;s no reason why I would go to MetroPCS for a smartphone plan.
</p>
<p>
	Android <abbr title="international mobile subscriber identity">IMSI</abbr>-Catcher Detector received an update through F-Droid today, and no longer crashes.
	Admittedly, after being locked out of Github for so long, I kind of gave up on trying to report that bug.
	I still planned to do it eventually, but I had lost my desire to get it done right away.
	It seems it&apos;s already been found and fixed though.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://patreon.com/yst">Patreon</a> said that my payment did not go through for some odd reason.
	They recommended updating my payment information in case it was incorrect, which I did, but I don&apos;t know when they will try again to pay Josh Woodward with my money.
	I&apos;d rather they do it sooner than later.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F03.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

