<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>Continued contemplation about mobile plans &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Continued contemplation about mobile plans</h1>
			<p>Day 00058: Monday, 2015 May 04</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I found that T-Mobile&apos;s online activation process is different between &quot;tablets&quot; and &quot;telephones&quot;.
	I figured that because the process is different, perhaps using the process they don&apos;t expect you to use on a given device might allow you to get the plan they don&apos;t expect you to have on said device.
	As an experiment, I tried using the tablet activation process on my old T-Mobile <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card.
	The old <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> seems to have been killed remotely by T-Mobile when I left them though, so it didn&apos;t work.
	I next tried using my new T-Mobile <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card that I bought when I initially wanted to switch identities but had no plans to leave them yet.
	I ended up leaving them before activating the card, so it&apos;s still unused.
	However, the tablet Web activation won&apos;t work with it.
	I have to conclude that either that <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card is set up to use the regular non-tablet activation method only or that the tablet Web activation system checks to see if your device is known to be a tablet or not.
</p>
<p>
	One thing I considered doing is getting an actual usable tablet and bringing it to MetroPCS for a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card.
	If I did that, I would not be paying MetroPCS for a tablet I won&apos;t even be able to use, but also not trying to trick MetroPCS into thinking I was getting a plan for what they call a &quot;tablet&quot; while really getting a plan for what they consider to be a &quot;telephone&quot;.
	It seems the only viable options are a couple devices both informally known as the Samsung Galaxy Tab 2, as they are the only &quot;tablets&quot; that support Replicant.
	Tablets are a bit bulky, so I decided to look into the smaller of the two, the <a href="https://redmine.replicant.us/projects/replicant/wiki/GalaxyTab270P31xx">Samsung GT-P3100</a>.
	However, even being an older model, it still costs about $500 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>! It might be possible to stomach that price if I didn&apos;t already have a perfectly good GT-I9300, but it&apos;s a bit steep of a price just to humor the carriers.
	If I get the MetroPCS plan, it will have to be with the cheapish tablet they offer.
	It&apos;s $150 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr>, and once I have the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card activated, I&apos;ll never use the thing again outside of dealing with tech support, but the amount I save on monthly bills will add up.
	For the first ten months, I&apos;ll be in the hole, but after that, my bill is cut in half, hopefully permanently, with no down sides.
	I even get to give up voice service!
</p>
<p>
	If I get the MetroPCS tablet, the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card will be too big.
	From what I&apos;ve read, the Pop 7 that they offer takes a mini <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card, while my GT-I9300 takes a micro.
	I&apos;ll need to get a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cutter.
	That won&apos;t be too expensive, but it does lead to issues if this doesn&apos;t go as planned.
	If I buy the tablet and cut the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr>, what do I do if MetroPCS blocks my GT-I9300 from using the tablet plan? In theory, swapping the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card should swap the plan, but sometimes carriers do something hokey and prevent <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards from working on multiple devices.
	As far as I know, only TracFone participates in this ridiculous, over-controlling practice, but if they can do it, so can anyone else.
	Until I know for a fact that MetroPCS doesn&apos;t do this, buying the tablet is a gamble.
	If I cut the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card and it doesn&apos;t work in my real mobile, how do I explain it to MetroPCS? <q>Yeah, uh, I need to get a new <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card.
	I&apos;ll pay for it, but yeah, I sort of tried bypassing your restrictive policy by moving the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card to my preferred device, but it needed a smaller <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr>.
	So I cut it.
	But it didn&apos;t work, so I need the full mini <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> so the plan will work on the tablet that I lied to you and said I would use in the first place.</q> I don&apos;t think that would go over well.
</p>
<p>
	Why would I need the plan if it won&apos;t even work on a decent device? Why would I need to replace this cut <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card? Basically, it boils down to the unlock policy.
	After having put all this money into getting the tablet, not getting it unlocked would be throwing that money away.
	If I at least spend a little more money to keep it in service long enough to get it unlocked, the tablet will be useful for getting other carriers to sell me data-only plans.
	I can&apos;t do that if the tablet is locked.
	MetroPCS says they will unlock a device if it has <a href="https://www.metropcs.com/terms-conditions/phone-unlock-policy.html">been on the network for three continuous months</a>.
	Or rather, they say they will unlock &quot;telephones&quot; that have been on the network that long.
	I don&apos;t know for sure that this same policy applies to &quot;tablets&quot;.
	I will have to ask when I go in tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

