<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Another trip to a MetroPCS store because MetroPCS lacks an email/Web support option &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Another trip to a MetroPCS store because MetroPCS lacks an email/Web support option</h1>
			<p>Day 00059: <time>Tuesday, 2015 May 05</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I walked into the MetroPCS shop again to inquire further about their tablet plan so I can attempt to get it.
	I asked about bringing in a tablet, claiming that I was interested in the Galaxy Tab 2.
	It&apos;s true that that would be my preferred tablet, but it&apos;s too pricey for me at the moment.
	If they accept outside tablets though, there&apos;s a shot of convincing them that I want to buy a SIM for a tablet that I supposedly have at home.
	However, it seems that I misunderstood MetroPCS&apos;s offer.
	Their tablet plan is <strong>*exclusive*</strong> to the new tablet they carry.
	If you want their tablet plan, there is quite literally only one supported device.
	Though highly disappointing, this segued nicely into the topic of if the Pop 7 they are up-selling doesn&apos;t work out for my use case.
	I asked if I could take it back for a refund in the first couple days if it did not work well for my use case.
	The representative told me that as long as I brought it back in like-new condition within seven days with less than a minute of talk used, they would refund my money.
	She said that the talk time requirement was meaningless due to the tablet plan not having any voice service included, but that it was still technically a requirement.
	I explained that I don&apos;t like being locked to a particular carrier, and asked it their &quot;telephone&quot; unlock policy also applies to their tablet, and she assured me that it applies to every device they sell, including the tablet.
</p>
<p>
	I mentioned the MetroPCS site being screwy, disallowing activations within our <abbr title="Zone Improvement Plan">ZIP</abbr> code, and she agreed that the site has that issue at the moment, but claims it will be fixed soon enough.
	She also attempted to reassure me that MetroPCS does in fact get service in the area, despite what the website says.
	I already knew that though, as MetroPCS is just a second face of T-Mobile these days.
	T-Mobile gets great service in the area, or at least they did when I last used their service.
	That&apos;s not really the issue.
	The issue is this: if the in-store representative required photo <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> when the time comes for me to get my plan, I won&apos;t be able to get the plan under an assumed name.
	That means I will need to use the Web activation method or not get a MetroPCS plan at all in that case.
	Hopefully, I won&apos;t need <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> in-store, but if I do, I want a second option.
</p>
<p>
	I did some searching to see if MetroPCS locks <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards to a single device the way TracFone does, but the results were inconclusive.
	Some people said MetroPCS <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> can be swapped into new devices, but other people said that they cannot.
	I really have no idea if the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card from MetroPCS&apos;s Pop 7 tablet will be capable of being used in my GT-I9300.
	I think I still have over a month before I have to decide if I will take the risk though.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

