<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/07.xhtml"/>
		<title>Limited edition yellow vinyl &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/07.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/07.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/06.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/08.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Limited edition yellow vinyl</h1>
			<p>Day 00061: Thursday, 2015 May 07</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I just got word that Marc with a C has released his album <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com/album/this-world-is-scary-as-f-k">This World Is Scary As F​uc​k</a> on yellow vinyl for a limited time.
	Normally, I wouldn&apos;t care too much.
	Vinyl is a legacy format, and it&apos;s kind of bulky, as is the player for it, so you can&apos;t listen to it wherever you like.
	However, this record comes with some bonus tracks (also included in digital formats when you buy the physical record) and two digital-only albums.
	Marc says that on June sixteenth, he will entirely delete the two bonus albums.
	That seems a bit destructive to me, but it does mean that now is the time to get those albums if ever.
</p>
<p>
	Marc says that within 24 hours of making the purchase, he will send &quot;codes to download&quot; these two albums.
	I really hope that these are Bandcamp downloads, as then Vorbis and <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files will be available.
	Even more importantly, that would mean the albums would likely be marked as being under Marc&apos;s usual license.
	If the downloads end up being nonfree or in a nonfree format, I&apos;ll have already spent the money and there will be not much I can do.
	If the format is nonfree, I might leave well enough alone, to be honest.
	Or I might not.
	But if the tracks themselves are nonfree, I might pester Marc with a C about it.
	In that case, he&apos;d likely give me an informal &quot;yeah, those are under <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> like the rest of my stuff&quot;, which will be fine.
	I honestly don&apos;t think he&apos;s trying to withhold the right to reuse, I just don&apos;t like having to put money in based on trust and not knowing for sure that the return won&apos;t be locked-down.
	Marc seems like a good guy though, so I&apos;ll put my $20 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> in and get the record.
</p>
<p>
	...
	or at least I would do that, if PayPal wasn&apos;t declining my credit card again.
	PayPal is such a pain in the rear, I have no idea why everyone puts up with this.
	Please, if you are a merchant, allow your customers to pay using some non-PayPal method! By the time PayPal quit declining the card, Discover had started rejecting the transaction, likely due to how many times it had been attempted by then.
	I have written to Discover about the issue, and hopefully it will be solved by tomorrow.
	Discover&apos;s automated message said a real person would get back to me in twenty-four hours; unlike PayPal&apos;s support, Discover&apos;s support usually gets the job done.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve been missing Twidere, as its tabs make it possible to be more efficient on Twitter than the regular Twitter interface.
	Tinfoil for Twitter was fixed a while ago, so now it responds in real time, but in the end, it&apos;s still just a gateway to Twitter&apos;s mobile Web interface.
	As you may or may not recall, I had to remove Twidere because it was crashing every time I opened the application.
	It didn&apos;t do that before a specific update, so hoping that an even newer update fixed the issue, I installed it again.
	It works again! Ive been following a lot of people lately, many of which I have no intense interest in.
	I want to sometimes see what my crowd is saying, but certain users more often have something valuable to say, and that valuable content gets buried amongst tons of fluff from other accounts.
	I&apos;m guilty of posting fluff as well; I&apos;m not trying to point any fingers.
	It is, however, nice to have a way to have a more direct way to see (some of) the gems.
</p>
<p>
	I didn&apos;t get a couple messages from my boss due to them being caught by Zoho&apos;s spam filter.
	I waited over three hours for responses from my boss that actually arrived very quickly.
	This isn&apos;t the first time good mail has been sent to spam, and I tend to go through my spam box manually anyway.
	The only difference is that I have to check the spam box manually, but the regular inbox alerts me to new messages through my mobile&apos;s mail client, K-9 Mail.
	Doing some Web searching for a way to disable the spam filter, I found indications that a way to disable it was on the verge of being released two years ago, but there is no indication that it ever did get released and I can&apos;t find the option in the control panel.
	I did, however, stumble upon a post by a Zoho user about how to set up a <a href="https://forums.zoho.com/topic/disabling-zoho-s-obstructive-spam-filter#2266000006505711">custom mail filter</a> that effectively undoes the sorting by the spam filter, though the spam filter still probably goes through the effort of sorting the mail first.
	In any case, there is a workaround.
</p>
<p>
	Yst Dawson&apos;s credit card arrived in the mail today! However, much to my surprise, all the important numbers on it are identical to that of the card under my legal name.
	The only real difference is that the new card is under my alias.
	Does that mean that the name on the billing address does not matter; that I could supply any name I want when making an online purchase? I have no idea.
	Even if so, the new card could come in handy when dealing with MetroPCS in person.
	They may want to put me on autorenew right away to avoid their stupid $3 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> fee for paying your bill, and having the card ready will make that possible.
	For the record though, anything I buy on Bandcamp, including Marc&apos;s new album, links back to my Bandcamp profile.
	My bandcamp profile links back to my website, and therefor my domain.
	For that reason, I used my legal name when attempting to make the purchase, so it was not me refusing to use my legal name that prevented PayPal from taking my card.
	That is a separate issue.
</p>
<p>
	With the new card in hand, I purchased both a <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card cutter and a new protective case for my mobile.
	My current case has taken much abuse, abuse that the mobile would have taken if not for the case.
	The new case both protective against impacts and water, where the old one only protected against impacts.
	The estimated delivery date for the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cutter is somewhere from June third to June nineteenth.
	It may not arrive by the time I was planning to get the MetroPCS plan.
	The case will arrive sooner, estimated delivery will occur from May thirteenth to May eighteenth.
	I don&apos;t plan to switch cases until the MetroPCS tablet is unlocked, so the two items will arrive in the opposite of the order that would be most convenient.
	No worries though, I will try to be patient.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F07.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

