<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>A new markup validator &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>A new markup validator</h1>
			<p>Day 00062: Friday, 2015 May 08</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I decided that it was a good idea to remove my legal name from my website after all.
	As such, I have redacted my name from all my pages (I think).
	If you need to know who I am, I&apos;m still easily findable by performing a whois query on my domain name.
	However, I don&apos;t want to show up in search results for my legal name.
	I enjoy the freedom of speech I have here, and if I have to constantly worry about prospective future employers seeing what I write and refusing to hire me based on my opinions, I&apos;ll have to censor myself.
	I don&apos;t want to do that.
	I&apos;ve already on at least one occasion censored myself because of this, and on at least one other occasion, I tried to justify my opinion when it didn&apos;t really call for justification.
	I&apos;m done with that.
	There are a number of factors that will aid me in keeping my online and offline lives separate.
	For starters, my mother gave me a very common name.
	It&apos;s a nice name, but even better, so many other people share it, both first and last.
	Any search for my legal name turns up so many results that realistically, I don&apos;t even <strong>*need*</strong> to redact my name from this place.
	Second, the registry of my own country&apos;s <abbr title="country code top-level domain">ccTLD</abbr> refuses to allow registration of short names.
	By driving me away to seek a home elsewhere on the Internet, somewhere associated with another country, Neustar made it less likely that search engines will consider my website to be relevant to searchers in my country.
	This has negative implications as well, such as the fact that I won&apos;t turn up in results for things I <strong>*do*</strong> want to be found for by people of my country, but it helps me evade those that I would need to censor myself from.
	My currently-self-signed <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate might drop me in search rankings as well.
</p>
<p>
	Mistedwind forward a letter from <a href="https://sideshowbarker.net/">Mike</a> of the <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr>.
	In regards to the fact that the <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> validator refuses to connect, Mike recommends instead using a different <a href="https://validator.w3.org/nu/">validator</a> on the site.
	This one actually works! It throws errors about things that are not actually errors (It doesn&apos;t like the <code>&lt;acronym/&gt;</code> tag), so I needed to clean a few things up, but I have now updated the link atthe bottom of each page to use the new validator.
	It also throws a warning about is skipping over my <abbr title="document type definition">DTD</abbr> declaration.
	I&apos;m not sure what to do about that, I can&apos;t just leave out the <abbr title="document type definition">DTD</abbr> declaration and expect the page to still be valid.
</p>
<p>
	As a side note, if you notice day 14 missing from the weblog, it&apos;s because of issues with <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr>&apos;s <code>highlight_string()</code> function.
	As mentioned before, this function spits out a mess, including heavy use of the &amp;nbsp; entity and the <code>style</code> <code>&lt;span/&gt;</code> attribute.
	I had been going to create a new function to fix this, but had deemed it too much effort to complete.
	The new validator is calling me out on use of &amp;nbsp; though, so I&apos;m going to have to at least fix that.
	And if I am building a function, I need to build it to actually work, so I&apos;m going to have to fix the use of the <code>style</code> attribute as well.
	I don&apos;t have time for this today though, so I took the page down to avoid invalidity.
</p>
<p>
	I have so much email to catch up on.
	Perhaps tomorrow I will go through it and post relevant links here.
	It looks like things are going on politically, but I haven&apos;t had the time these past few days to pay attention to it.
</p>
<p>
	At the time of writing this, Discover has not yet gotten back to me, but it&apos;s worth noting that I had to get this entry written up and uploaded before noon.
	I&apos;ll be at work most of the day, and won&apos;t have time to write this later.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

