<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Discover doesn&apos;t seem to understand that because I do not have telephone service, I cannot call their stupid number &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Discover doesn&apos;t seem to understand that because I do not have telephone service, I cannot call their stupid number</h1>
			<p>Day 00063: <time>Saturday, 2015 May 09</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Discover wrote back while I was at work.
	They told me that to get the issue with the card cleared up, I need to call some support number.
	Keep in mind that this message from Discover was in response to a letter by me in which I explicitly said that I lack a telephone and cannot call support.
	I can only assume that the representative either totally spaced it; not realizing that if I lacked a telephone yesterday, I probably lack a telephone today too; only skimmed my letter, saw their department couldn&apos;t help, and redirected me to telephone support without getting to the part about me not being able to call; or something else of that nature.
	I responded stating, once again, that I do not have a telephone and cannot call this support number.
	This time, I kept my message short and did not mention anything besides being unable to call that number because I lack a telephone.
	If they read my letter at all, they won&apos;t be under the impression that I can call their other department.
</p>
<p>
	Cricket sent me an <abbr title="Short Message Service">SMS</abbr> message yesterday stating that my bill is coming due, as if it wasn&apos;t past due already.
	For those who don&apos;t remember, I&apos;m letting my Cricket line die.
	As it&apos;s prepaid, you simply cancel it by not paying.
	Cricket has cut off my ability to make and receive calls, as they should have, but has left my account in an odd limbo state where I am not paying but still have a data connection.
	I expect this to end in about a month, when I will likely be cut of entirely.
</p>
<p>
	I looked into getting a prepaid debit card, but it appears that the <abbr title="Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism">USA PATRIOT</abbr> act prevents someone from getting one anonymously.
	This is sheer idiocy.
	For a line of credit, sure, it makes sense to require a way to track you down if you don&apos;t pay up.
	But on something that is prepaid, they don&apos;t need to know who you are.
	I&apos;m not trying to hide from my card issuer, but the problem with giving them information about who you are is that they will put your legal name on the card.
	There are certain businesses that want me to pay by card that I do not want knowing who I am (read: MetroPCS).
	If Discover refuses to allow me to manage my account without a telephone, I&apos;ll have no choice but to close the account.
	I don&apos;t know of another company that will issue me extra cards with whatever name I want on them.
	If I have to give up my Discover account, I may end up having to pay MetroPCS&apos;s ridiculous $3 <abbr title="United States Dollars">USD</abbr> (per transaction, not a one-time fee) for paying in person.
	If I can find a reloadable gift card, that would work, but I don&apos;t think those exist.
	repeatedly buying nonreloadable gift cards would mean repeatedly buying new cards, each with a few dollar fee for the card itself, as well as having a bunch of used gift cards to fill a landfill with.
	It doesn&apos;t seem like a good option.
</p>
<p>
	I switched to Evolution as my mail client.
	I have a few complaints, but nothing I can&apos;t get over.
	Evolution has built-in OpenPGP support, so I didn&apos;t even need to install anything extra to keep my encryption.
	The reason I switched away from Claws Mail though is that I can&apos;t find a way to synchronize my contacts with a CardDAV server in Claws Mail, with or without plugins.
	Setting up CardDAV contact synchronization in Evolution was a bit tricky due to the option being labeled as &quot;WebDAV&quot; in Evolution as well as Evolution requiring a trailing slash be added to the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> ownCloud gave me (there wasn&apos;t even an error message in Evolution, Evolution simply displayed an empty address book), but most things seem to be in order.
	I can&apos;t figure out how to send encrypted mail to myself, but I don&apos;t really need that, I guess, it just makes it easier to test my setup.
	The other thing I am already missing from Claws Mail is that I can tell Claws Mail to always encrypt, even if I don&apos;t have the receiving party&apos;s key.
	If I lack the key, Claws gives me option to send unencrypted or abort.
	In Evolution, encryption by default doesn&apos;t seem to be an option.
	If I reply to an encrypted message, the encryption check box is checked by default, but otherwise, I need to manually verify that the message will be encrypted.
	Over all though, I think this will be an upgrade.
	I really like claws mail, but I miss having access to my address book in my email client.
	Now that my email address in on a CardDAV server instead of in the client itself, I need an email client that supports that.
</p>
<p>
	Once all that was done, I decided to try to fix my keyboard&apos;s space bar, which has not been working properly since before this site began.
	It simply was not attached correctly; I forget what caused it to become too loose.
	I managed to pry the space bar off, after which I cleaned underneath it and between some of the other keys a bit.
	It took quite a while to get the space bar back on properly, and it involved bending some of the metal structure under the space bar but the space bar now functioned properly! The down side? The nub mouse and the mouse buttons quit working.
	Usually sending the machine to sleep and waking it back up fixes this, but it did not this time.
	Even after a few reboots, the mouse was not working.
	I was worried I&apos;d done more damage than good while working with the space bar, but after cleaning around the nub mouse a couple times, everything seems to be working.
	Maybe when I was cleaning the first time, I moved some of the lodged hairs over too close to the nub mouse and it caused some sort of issue.
	There was, and still is, a lot of hair in my keyboard.
</p>
<p>
	After dealing with the hardware situation on my laptop, I didn&apos;t have time to actually go through my mail like I planned to yesterday.
	The mouse is locking up much more frequently than before, much of the time as often as every couple minutes, resulting in me having to repeatedly sleep cycle the machine to get the mouse functioning again.
	Each time I sleep cycle the machine, I have to reenter my password to unlock the screen.
	Sometimes the mouse has locked up again by the time I can even get the screen unlocked from having been in sleep mode! This is getting very old very fast.
	Hopefully tomorrow will work out better.
</p>
<p>
	Discover did not write back today.
	Perhaps it is because Saturday is not a business day, or perhaps it is because they are ignoring me because I don&apos;t have a telephone.
	I&apos;m inclined to believe the former, but the latter is a possibility.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

