<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>Marc With a C is awesome! &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Marc With a C is awesome!</h1>
			<p>Day 00073: Tuesday, 2015 May 19</p>
		</header>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		Day 8:
	</p>
	<p>
		Just before midnight last night, I wrote to Mark With a C about the missing bonus tracks.
		Just after midnight, just a few minutes later, he wrote back explaining that the bonus tracks from the vinyl record are actually included as part of one of the digital only bonus albums.
		We then proceeded to chat for a while.
		I like this guy! He releases his music under the <abbr title="Creative Commons Attribution">CC BY</abbr> license because he didn&apos;t like finding low bitrate copies of his music on The Pirate Bay.
		He didn&apos;t mind that the music was being pirated, only that it was being pirated as low quality files.
		So he provided better files under a license that allowed sharing.
		He switched from a pay-for-all-music sales tactic to a pay-what-you-want-or-don&apos;t-pay-at-all sales tactic because one fan was broke but wanted his music.
		He felt bad for this one person and changed his whole sales scheme.
		It sounds like he is truly on the same side as his fans.
	</p>
	<p>
		Of the two bonus albums, one is a live show played by Marc With a C at some point, and the other is an outtake album of songs from a canceled project of his.
		Every recording of a live show from him that I&apos;ve heard sounded like it was awesome, and this one was no exception.
		The outtake album was very different, but to be honest, I didn&apos;t get to hear it very well.
		By the time it was playing, I had moved into a noisy area.
	</p>
	<p>
		My boss who gave me the idea of trying out laptops by booting them from a Debian <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> Drive said at the time that he would bring me one of his <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drives, despite my saying that I would bring one from home for him to install Debian on.
		He said he had several more than he needed though, so he would just bring one of his.
		I didn&apos;t wait for him though, and yesterday, I setup my own bootable <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> Drive.
		today, he brought me the promised drive, but he said he put a 64 bit system on it and he said I would have to use it to find a 64 bit computer.
		I explained that many of the 64 bit computers at the recycling center get Windows installed on them by the staff.
		the computers that don&apos;t come with the added price of Windows license are often the 32-bit computers.
		He said that I could ask them to build me a 64 bit computer, but at that point, I&apos;m either stuck requesting the specifications of the whole computer to make sure it is fully Debian compatible, or I&apos;m potentially stuck with a computer that doesn&apos;t have the necessary compatibility with its wireless card and graphics card.
		I would have to buy it anyway though, as I had them custom build it.
		In either case, the bootable <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive does not allow me to test anything until it is too late.
		I didn&apos;t argue, as it would be stupid to argue against someone who was trying to do you a favor, but I am very glad that I managed to set up my own bootable <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive yesterday.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	I couldn&apos;t update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> today, as I was cut off from my Web/ssh server.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

