<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/26.xhtml"/>
		<title>In-person carrier research &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/26.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/26.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/25.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/27.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>In-person carrier research</h1>
			<p>Day 00080: Tuesday, 2015 May 26</p>
		</header>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		Day 15:
	</p>
	<p>
		Yesterday, when I was looking at the Red Pocket Mobile website, I had gone there looking for the Devote 30 website.
		I couldn&apos;t remember the exact name of the Devote 30 company at first, but I remembered that they sold Red Pocket Mobile plans.
		I walked into the Devote 30 store today to ask about the availability of tablet plans.
		The representative said that they do not offer tablet plans.
		The closest thing that they currently offer is a Verizon 3G mobile hotspot.
		Verizon 3G service does not use <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> cards, and my device is not Verizon-compatible anyway, so I can&apos;t just buy the hotspot for the plan and swap the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card into my actual mobile.
		I mentioned the Red Pocket Mobile $10 tablet plan that is mentioned on the Red Pocket Mobile website.
		The representative got curious, and looked up the plan himself.
		He said he would talk to his suppliers, and see if it was possible for him to start offering that plan.
		He says he will contact me by email when he hears back, but that it could be a while, as the companies don&apos;t often get back to him quickly.
		If this works out, it would mean that I would be able to get the <abbr title="subscriber identity module">SIM</abbr> card and possibly even pay for service in person, with no need to expose my credit card details to my new carrier.
	</p>
	<p>
		While I was in the area, I also checked in with Cricket Wireless and MetroPCS.
		Cricket Wireless says that they offer service to tablets, but it is the same exact plans as what they offer to smartphones.
		In other words, you pay for voice services even if your device is not compatible, as you are basically just putting a smartphone plan on a tablet.
		As much as I think that should be an option, it&apos;s the exact opposite of what I&apos;m trying to do.
		I&apos;m trying to put a tablet plan on a smartphone.
		MetroPCS says they still do not offer a bring-your-own-tablet option.
		The only tablet they offer service to is the Pop 7 tablet that they sell.
	</p>
	<p>
		As some point, I&apos;m going to have to start answering emails again.
		I was hoping to have a working laptop by now, but I can&apos;t just stay out of touch.
		Several issues arise from dealing with email without my full resources at my disposal, but I will have to make do.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	I couldn&apos;t update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> today, as I was cut off from my Web/ssh server.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F26.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

