<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/29.xhtml"/>
		<title>Preparing for the worst &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/29.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/29.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/28.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/30.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Preparing for the worst</h1>
			<p>Day 00083: Friday, 2015 May 29</p>
		</header>
<blockquote>
	<p>
		Day 18:
	</p>
	<p>
		Tomorrow at noon, I will find out from my coworker if he is able to repair my laptop.
		I decided to spend today preparing for the worst.
		I shopped around online for Linux laptops.
		Some websites that supposedly sold Linux laptops didn&apos;t seem to have product listing pages or order options.
		Others were unnavigable by mobile web browser, due to horridly-designed pages that were not very accessible.
		One site seem to offer the most decent price available, but seemed to be at least two years out of date, judging by the fact that it thought that Debian 6 was still the latest stable version.
		Another site seemed to offer military-grade durable Linux laptops, but even their lowest-priced option that was not so durable was higher-priced than what was available elsewhere.
		I settled on three options.
	</p>
	<p>
		The first option was a laptop from Think Penguin.
		This machine would have the advantage of modern hardware, out of the box Debian support, and a large penguin logo on the back.
		While a bit superficial, anyone with any idea what Linux is would not mistake my laptop for being a Windows machine.
		There also shouldn&apos;t be any hardware difficulties.
		I would upgrade the hard drive to the optional full terabyte hard drive because I need room to expand, and upgrade the amount of <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> to the optional 16 gigabytes.
		I probably do not need that much <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr>, but it would be nice having an ultra-fast machine.
	</p>
	<p>
		The second option was a laptop from ZaReason.
		I don&apos;t know why, but I somehow get a better vibe from ZaReason than I do from Think Penguin.
		ZaReason&apos;s laptop is higher priced then Think Penguin&apos;s.
		It too has option for upgrading the hard drive to a full terabyte and the <abbr title="random-access memory">RAM</abbr> to 16 gigabytes.
		It additionally has the option of upgrading the processor, but I don&apos;t know what I&apos;m doing is far as processors.
		I don&apos;t know what upgrading processor will be worth it and it would raise the price even further.
		Again, modern hardware and out of the box Debian support would be the advantages of this laptop.
	</p>
	<p>
		The final option is a refurbished machine from Gluglug.
		I did not look into the pricing of this, but if my past experience with this company is any indication, the laptop would be less expensive than other options, but still very expensive because of a combination of factors.
		First, a lot of effort is put into the refurbishing process.
		These machines are not brought back to the original state, instead they are made compatible with a free operating system and the <abbr title="Basic Input/Output System">BIOS</abbr> is completely removed, being replaced with Libreboot and <abbr title="Grand Unified Bootloader">GRUB</abbr>.
		The main advantage of this choice is the lack of a proprietary <abbr title="Basic Input/Output System">BIOS</abbr>.
		However, if Gluglug&apos;s new laptop option is anything like their last, there are still replaceable proprietary firmwares in the laptop that the <abbr title="Free Software Foundation">FSF</abbr> and Gluglug deem too unimportant to be worth replacing.
		They market it as fully free, but it isn&apos;t really.
		If my system can&apos;t be fully free anyway, it might be worth getting newer hardware so I will have less problems.
		Buying from Gluglug also means buying from the United Kingdom.
		Last time I bought a machine from Gluglug, the <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr> detained the laptop for a period.
		If I avoid buying from overseas, perhaps the <abbr title="National Security Agency">NSA</abbr> will leave my new laptop alone.
		Having a free boot stack has been nice in the past though, and without one, it will probably be impossible to completely encrypt the hard drive.
	</p>
	<p>
		I should wait until tomorrow when I find out about my current laptop before making any real decisions.
		I do hope my laptop is okay.
	</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
	I couldn&apos;t update my <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> today, as I was cut off from my Web/ssh server.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F29.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

