<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>Short Twitter handles are no longer available &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2015/05-May/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2015/05-May/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2015/06-June/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Short Twitter handles are no longer available</h1>
			<p>Day 00085: <time>Sunday, 2015 May 31</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I changed my Twitter handle, looking for something shorter.
	Along the way, I found that the nick <code>YstS</code> was not taken, but in trying to switch to it, I found that Twitter disallows handles as short as four characters.
	Any account with a handle shorter than fivecharacters must have been grandfathered from a time before this rule.
	Though the <code>Yst</code> account exists, I can never aquire that name, even if the current holder of that nick deletes his or her account.
	I am now using one of the shortest handles still available to me: <code>YstDo</code>.
</p>
<p>
	The <a href="https://bynumlaw.net/">Bynum Law office</a>, home of a Texan criminal defense attorney, has set up their own <a href="http://tor-exit.bynumlaw.net/"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> exit node</a> with a powerful message attached.
	Visiting the exit node&apos;s server over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr>, you see a page explaining that he knows his rights and will not be intimidated into taking down the server, &quot;intellectual property&quot; be damned.
	My paraphrasing really doesn&apos;t do the statement justice, so you should head over and take a look yourself if you are interested.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://sideshowbarker.net/">Mike</a> says that the reason that the <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> validator has been failing so badly on my site is that said validator is not <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr>-compatible.
	As soon as I enabled <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> on my server, my site was doomed to be unable to be reached by legacy clients that do not have this support.
	I asked him about what I need to do to restore this compatibility, but he said that restoring compatibility with legacy clients was not the answer.
	Rather, I should avoid using such outdated clients, such as the old well-known <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> validator, and instead use the new <abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> validator that he recommended before.
	I suppose that means my work on this matter is complete, as I already updated all the links across the site to point to the new validator the first time he brought it to my attention.
</p>
<p>
	My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2015 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2015%2F05-May%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

