<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/04.xhtml"/>
		<title>I found some notaries. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/04.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/04.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/03.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/05.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I found some notaries.</h1>
			<p>Day 00789: <time>Thursday, 2017 May 04</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I planned my trip today to maximise my probability of success in finding a notary.
		I thought Chase Bank the most likely of my three financial institutions to have a notary on-site, not to mention that getting my name change petition signed there would be most fitting.
		After all, they&apos;re the only one of the three institutions to offer authorised users for cards, so they&apos;re the only one that has even heard my preferred name, even though they think it&apos;s a separate person.
		However, Chase Bank is locate almost directly between First Tech Federal Credit Union and Oregon Community Credit Union, my other two financial institutions, so by starting at one of the credit unions, I could make a beeline through all three.
		As it turned out, I lucked out at the first stop.
		I didn&apos;t even <strong>*need*</strong> to reach Chase.
		A representative at First Tech told me almost everyone in their employ aside from the managers is a notary and the credit union provides notary services free of charge.
		Sweet!
		I&apos;m one step closer, though I really do need to hurry if I&apos;m to have my name legally changed before the new term begins and before my <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> expires.
	</p>
	<p>
		It&apos;s true I need to hurry, but today was far too hot to keep my mind on task.
		I also don&apos;t have a decent study area; no table, no desk, no anything.
		I decided to take a walk and watch for something I could make a makeshift desk out of.
		I found a park I believe to be Island Park, got lost, and to avoid backtracking, climbed a steep hill to get back to the road.
		There, at Main Street and the next street over, were two bridges to Eugene.
		I took a look around, and located an old demolition site.
		I might return on another day with a rag, wipe the cobwebs off one of a door there, and take the door home with me to make a desk from.
		Then again, maybe I won&apos;t, it&apos;s a bit far to carry a door.
		I also located the Bring recycling centre and Cash King, either of which may come in handy in the future.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		This week in <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span>, we have two programming assignments.
		I completed one of them and most of the other, but the second assignment has incomplete instructions.
		I&apos;ve asked the professor for help figuring out what to do.
		I&apos;ve also written up my initial discussion post for that course.
	</p>
	<p>
		In <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span>, my reading assignment for the week is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey14.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 14</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey15.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 15</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey16.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 16</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://forumromanum.org./history/morey17.html">Outlines of Roman History, Chapter 17</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F04.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

