<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>I have the paperwork. &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I have the paperwork.</h1>
			<p>Day 00790: Friday, 2017 May 05</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I awoke with my left arm unable to move again.
		Sleep paralysis is weird.
	</p>
	<p>
		I found an insect that looked like a flea on my arm later in the day.
		At first, I was worried my new mattresses had <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Bed_bug">bed bugs</a>.
		It didn&apos;t look like the Wikipidia image for a bed bug though, so I think it&apos;s just a <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/Flea">flea</a> after all.
		I pet a couple cats on my walk yesterday, and perhaps that was a bad idea.
		I&apos;ll have to keep my eyes open for more fleas in case I&apos;ve brought home what will become an infestation.
	</p>
	<p>
		I finished typing up the missing paperwork for my legal name change.
		I tried to print it at the public library, but their printers are down right now.
		Time is of the essence, so I printed all the legal documents at work.
		The way I figure it, the amount of time I work off the clock <strong>*more*</strong> than compensates for the rare occasions I use company supplies for personal matters.
		Still, it&apos;s not something I&apos;d like to do regularly, and if I had any time at all to wait, I&apos;d&apos;ve just used the library printers when they came back online.
		In conversation, my name change happened to come up with two of the shift leaders, and I heard one of the shift leaders tell the head manager, so at least three people know now.
		However, I&apos;ll probably still use my birth name at work, simply because that&apos;s what everyone there knows me as.
		Of course, they only know me as that because I had to apply for work under my birth name because that&apos;s the name my documentation proving my legal right to work called me.
		At my next job, this won&apos;t be an issue.
	</p>
	<p>
		A customer came through the drive-through tonight, skipped the menu board, and bought some other customer&apos;s order.
		Seriously?
		So basically, they paid for and accepted a mystery order that they didn&apos;t choose.
		That through of the line too, as I then tried to serve the customer whose order got sniped the order of the customer behind them.
		At least we got that cleared up though.
		Thankfully, though that one customer took the last of a particular item included in the other customer&apos;s order, a fresh one came out a bit later.
	</p>
	<p>
		I need to leave for the courthouse very early if I want to take less trips.
		The petition for change of name can be delivered anywhere from 7:45 to 17:00.
		However, after delivering the petition, I need to attend an ex parte hearing, which must be from 8:30 to 8:50, and I&apos;ve got to check in by 8:00.
		To pull off doing those in the same trip, I&apos;m going to need to hand in my initial petition right at 7:45
		Assuming a two-hour commute, I should leave by 5:45.
		I&apos;m not sure the credit union will even be open at 7:45, assuming instantaneous transportation from the credit union to the courthouse was even possible, so I&apos;ve got to get my documents notarised at least a day before bringing them to the courthouse.
		The courthouse will be open on Monday, but the credit union probably won&apos;t be open on Sunday.
		I&apos;ve got to get them notarised tomorrow.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

