<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/06.xhtml"/>
		<title>My first time getting documents notarised &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/06.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/06.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/05.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/07.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>My first time getting documents notarised</h1>
			<p>Day 00791: Saturday, 2017 May 06</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I found another flea on my arm, and just after I&apos;d been sitting on my mattress. Could they be bed bugs after all?
		Aside from the potential proximity to my sleeping quarters, all signs point to no.
		For one thing, all the flea photographs I find online look like these insects, while the beg bug photographs do not.
		An article I was reading brought up another good point as well.
		Fleas have a massive jump.
		The insect today escaped after several very high jumps.
		Then there&apos;s the fact I&apos;ve had the mattress a while, but I&apos;ve only noticed the insects for a couple days, right after petting those two cats on my walk.
		This&apos;ll be a pain.
		I might need to shampoo my carpets with special flea-killer.
	</p>
	<p>
		I headed to work today without first checking my schedule.
		I just assumed I worked at my usual time.
		Normally, I forget it&apos;s Saturday, so I head in at the usual time but expect to stay until close.
		Today though, I was prepared to get off at 20:00, my usual leave time on Saturdays.
		However, I&apos;d forgotten that my Saturday schedule this week is a off by an hour.
		I arrived early, and had to go home to come back in an hour.
		I also got off work an hour later, shich was inconvenient, as I&apos;d planned to do laundry once I got off from work.
		I picked up my schedule for the coming week while I was there though, and the schedule shows my hours are back to normal.
	</p>
	<p>
		One of the shift leaders said surly I had errands I could run while I waited, so I said my only errand has to wait until Monday, as the courthouse is closed.
		They were curious, so I explained I&apos;m getting my legal name changed.
		The head manager was nearby, so though they heard about it yesterday, they&apos;ve now heard about it directly from me.
		The shift leader says the name &quot;Alex&quot; doesn&apos;t really stand out much.
		But does it need to?
		There&apos;s a reason I&apos;m using &quot;Yst&quot; as my surname, not my given name.
		I want to be me, but I don&apos;t want to stand out as bizarre or unusual.
		Daddy Gummy Bear jokingly said I should keep my given name, but change my surname and given name to something radical and ridiculous.
		The main suggestion they made for my new name was &quot;Richard Plutonium Overdrive&quot;, saying I could go by &quot;RePO&quot; for short.
		Hilarious, but no.
		I&apos;m taking my name change seriously.
		If I do this right, hopefully I&apos;ll only have to do this once.
		The name &quot;Yst&quot; is odd, but it&apos;s short, concise, and has no particular meaning except to me.
		It&apos;s not a name that&apos;ll draw negative attention to me, I hope, and if it does, at least it&apos;s a name that holds value to me instead of just being something goofy.
		Not only that though, but I also want my given name gone, more than my surname and probably more than my middle name.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got stuck flattening dough and putting it into pans tonight, which is the most mindless task the place has to offer.
		My mind often wanders while I work on that, and I spent most of the work day figuring out how to deal with my mother in regards to my name change.
		How long after the change is finalised should I wait to tell them?
		Should I even tell them at all?
		How should I approach the subject?
		Should I just intentionally let it slip some time when it becomes relevant?
		I decided to try to tell them tomorrow.
		I&apos;ll ask tomorrow if that morning is a good time to come over.
		It&apos;s Sunday, so my mother will probably be home.
		If it&apos;s not a good time, I&apos;ll say that it&apos;s nothing serious, but we should talk soon.
		If it is, I&apos;ll say that&apos;s good, as I need to talk to them.
		In either case, when we sit down to talk, I need to make four points clear before telling them anything about the name change.
		In order:
	</p>
	<ol start="0">
		<li>
			I&apos;ve made a life decision
		</li>
		<li>
			It&apos;s happening with or without their approval
		</li>
		<li>
			I&apos;m only even bringing it up because I don&apos;t want secrets between us
		</li>
		<li>
			I&apos;m not asking for any action or change on their part.
		</li>
	</ol>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve gotten the first two documents filled out and notarised, but I haven&apos;t actually gone into the courthouse yet.
		This is the perfect time.
		I&apos;ve done the research needed and begun the process, but it&apos;s not truly begun at all yet.
		In that way, I&apos;ve shown I&apos;m serious, but I&apos;m still letting them know before anything goes down.
		I don&apos;t want to tell them later only for them to be furious that I didn&apos;t tell them right away.
		I also don&apos;t want to have to hide this from them until they die.
		I fear how they&apos;ll react even if I get a chance to tell them tomorrow though.
		On one hand, my current name on paper is &quot;Richard Palmer&quot;, and my father, the ex-spouse my mother hates so much, is &quot;James Richard Palmer&quot;.
		There&apos;s no denying that I was named after my father.
		By letting go of that name, I no longer share two names with a person my mother hates.
		My mother might be ecstatic.
		More likely though, my mother will be hurt and offended.
		I&apos;m giving up the name they chose for me.
		I can remember feeling dissonance with my name as far back as elementary school though.
		I experimented with other names even as far back as that.
		I sincerely hope my mother can be happy for me in that I&apos;m choosing to take an action that will make me happier without harming others.
		If not though ...
		My mother has disowned Cyrus.
		I could be next.
		It&apos;s painful to think about, but if they <strong>*do*</strong> want nothing more to do with me after this, it won&apos;t mean I&apos;ve made the wrong choice.
		If they&apos;d disown me over just a name change, they&apos;re clearly not worth having in my life.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="law">
	<h2>Legal matters</h2>
	<p>
		At the credit union, the first teller I spoke with wasn&apos;t a notary.
		However, the teller adjacent to them was.
		It quickly became clear that acting as a notary was by far not their main role.
		They had questions about simple things, didn&apos;t have me fill in all the blanks on the paperwork, and didn&apos;t have me swear an oath/affirmation.
		As long as the paperwork checks out at the end of this though, it doesn&apos;t really matter.
		I filled in the rest of the blanks once I got home.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m not sure where I got the idea it&apos;d be a two-hour bike ride to the courthouse.
		I thought I read that in the directions I downloaded, but looking again, they say it&apos;ll be about half an hour.
		I&apos;ll give myself a full hour though just to be safe.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The university opened up the option to pay my tuition two days ago, but I didn&apos;t really want to head to the credit union for the cashier&apos;s cheque, if I recall.
		Today, I picked up the cashier&apos;s cheque, then took a trip to the post office to mail it.
	</p>
	<p>
		My professor wrote back, but seemed unclear as to what my question about the assignment actually was.
		They said the project will be worked on for three weeks, and this week, we don&apos;t perform any computations that require the use of variables.
		I should just focus on this week&apos;s instructions this week.
		However, this week&apos;s instructions say to add instance variables (object properties) as well as getters and setters.
		The problem is that the required instance variables are only given for one of the five classes.
		The main class probably won&apos;t have instance variables, but the other remaining three almost certainly will.
		I&apos;ve written again to try to clarify my question, as well as ask if I should just leave those classes empty for now.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F06.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

