<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Handing off the legal forms &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Handing off the legal forms</h1>
			<p>Day 00794: Tuesday, 2017 May 09</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m not sure why I thought I needed to cook that pan for six hours.
		I guess I was just really tired.
		The instructions say to cook it for twenty minutes.
		I actually could&apos;ve done that while I finished up my journal entry.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got the legal forms and instructions to my neighbour, and they asked if they owed me anything for them.
		Ha!
		I hadn&apos;t even thought about compensation for the forms.
		Once I have them tested, I&apos;m just going to post them online where others can download them gratis.
		I&apos;m not after compensation, I&apos;m after a way to get the legal forms one needs without paying a noxious third-party for them.
		They aught to be just offered by the government and standardised.
		Since they&apos;re not, I&apos;ll offer whatever legal forms I end up needing for my own legal matters for others with the same needs.
		I&apos;m not going to go out of my way to produce legal forms I don&apos;t need myself, it&apos;s not my job to do that.
		However, I do think it&apos;s my responsibility not to simply delete the forms when I&apos;m done with them.
	</p>
	<p>
		A while back, probably a few weeks ago, my neighbour&apos;s bike was stolen.
		Now, the fuel tank of one of their cars has been tampered with.
		They suspect they&apos;re being specifically targeted, and one of their suspects is their own sibling.
		They don&apos;t have a good relationship with them, and the sibling&apos;s threatened the fuel tank of the car before.
		That really sucks.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was told there isn&apos;t assigned parking at my complex.
		However, my neighbour says there is, and that my spot next to theirs is always empty.
		They&apos;ve asked if they can use it, and I don&apos;t care about the spot myself.
		They say they&apos;re going to park one of their cars in both spots, providing more space between their car and the others nearby, allowing easier access to the car doors.
	</p>
	<p>
		I got off work early, so I sent my mother a message asking if I could come over tonight.
		No response.
		They must not&apos;ve gotten it, so I guess that&apos;s a no.
		If I get my coursework done soon enough and I haven&apos;t gotten an answer yet, I&apos;ll go over tomorrow.
		This shouldn&apos;t wait any more than it needs to.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t recall most of my dream, but near the end, I was hiding with my mother and Vanessa in a barn-like structure.
		There was something in one of the walls though, the wall was bumping around a bit, so I thumped the wall really hard to try to get it to react and reveal itself.
		At first, I thought I saw a small mouse scurry by through one of the cracks in the wall between the decayed boards.
		That was an awful lot of bumping around for such a tiny mouse though.
		Then I thought I saw a squirrel, then a few seconds later a rabbit.
		Soon the wall was pushed aside like it was hinged at the top, and a wave of rabbits and squirrels cascaded over us.
		I&apos;m not sure how they all fit in the wall.
		I ducked and covered, and when they stopped coming, I was left with one on the back of my shoulder blade.
		But one <strong>*what*</strong>?
		From the weight of it and its lack of flightiness, I assumed it must&apos;ve been a rabbit.
		Now that I&apos;m awake, I know that makes no sense, but I thought squirrels are always flighty if you get near them while rabbits sometimes aren&apos;t.
		That applies to <strong>*tame*</strong> rabbits though, and would apply just as well to tame squirrels.
		I asked my company if they could see what was on me, and they told me it was a squirrel.
		It just stayed there though, so I slowly and gently tried petting it.
		It put up with that for a few seconds, but then tried to bite my finger, so I gently tossed it a short distance away, where it scampered away from.
	</p>
	<p>
		That was about when I woke up.
		I&apos;d forgotten to turn off the alarm I&apos;d set to make sure I got up in time to make it to the courthouse yesterday.
		This is too early to get up when you work closing shifts, so now I&apos;m really tired.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve pretty much finished my <a href="/en/coursework/HIST1421/The_first_Punic_war.xhtml">essay</a> for the week, but it&apos;s unbelievable how far behind I am in my coursework right now.
		This has not been an easy week.
		The coursework alone should&apos;ve been fine, but other stresses and goals have kept me unproductive on the coursework front.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

