<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/16.xhtml"/>
		<title>More Minetest planning &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/16.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/16.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/15.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/17.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>More Minetest planning</h1>
			<p>Day 00801: <time>Tuesday, 2017 May 16</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		The parent of the on-site manager offered me some bread.
		Someone left it up for grabs in the laundry room.
		When I went to check it out though, it looked like home-made bread.
		No label!
		Without an ingredient list, I can&apos;t be sure it&apos;s safe to eat.
		Oh, well.
	</p>
	<p>
		I&apos;m toying with the idea of writing up some Lua to aid in the building of the main transit line of my Minetest server.
		Holding me back is the fact it&apos;d be cheating.
		Pushing me forward is the fact that this tunnel will be a public service to my players.
		As the administrator, it seems fair to exercises my authority to set up a useful, long-distance road system.
		The quicker I have it done, the sooner users will get benefit from it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I used my breaks at work to plan what to do in <code>minequest</code> with unrecognised mineral items.
		Any item crafted from one of the registered minerals can be put in a bonus slot and provide a powerup.
		However, each item provides a different bonus.
		So what do I do about items in which no bonus has been defined for?
		At first, I thought to provide a fallback bonus.
		All I needed to do was figure out what generic bonus that should be.
		It should be useful, but not something players will miss if all mineral-based items have defined bonuses.
		Later, I decided to provide a different fallback for each mineral.
		Another idea I had was to reuse a bonus from a random item for each item with no defined bonus.
		However, it was my final idea that I like the best.
		As the mod locates all the mineral-based nodes by going through the craft recipes, any time it comes across a node with no defined bonus, it&apos;ll copy the bonus from the mineral item used to craft it.
		If someone, for example, defines a recipe that uses a locked chest as an ingredient, but doesn&apos;t define a bonus for their new item, it&apos;ll take on the bonus of the locked chest.
		That way, the bonus will be the same as that of a likely-similar item instead of just being generic or random.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I tried to work on coursework today, but that didn&apos;t happen.
		The school website kept timing out on me.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F16.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

