<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/19.xhtml"/>
		<title>I feel drained &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/19.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/19.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/18.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/20.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I feel drained</h1>
			<p>Day 00804: <time>Friday, 2017 May 19</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I felt completely drained today.
		It might be the heat getting to me, though it didn&apos;t feel as hot today as some recent days.
	</p>
	<p>
		Daddy Gummy Bear&apos;s leaving for another job.
		I wish them well.
		Fast food is no place for them; they&apos;re a registered nurse!
		I haven&apos;t heard yet exactly what job they&apos;re switching to, but it&apos;s hopefully in the field of nursing; they&apos;ve expressed an interest in going back when possible.
		One of my coworkers got them a card and has been having everyone sign it.
	</p>
	<p>
		As far as my Minetest server is concerned, I&apos;ve come to my senses.
		I previously expressed my consideration of writing scripts to help me dig the main transit line of the server.
		This is the wrong approach due to the fact I&apos;m trying to make this a mostly administrator-free server.
		Having special privileges goes against the premise of the server!
		I know that, though I was still very tempted.
		Today at work though, I realised it&apos;s counterproductive to the job of the tunnel as well.
	</p>
	<p>
		Initially, the tunnel was a bridge; a bridge made from desert stone.
		It spanned oceans and plowed through mountains.
		However, it was a difficult project to continue.
		An entire desert was going to be made a crater by the project, mined away for its stone, and even that wouldn&apos;t have been enough.
		Before the desert was depleted, I questioned the sustainability of the project and it was put to an end.
		But how could the main transit line be set up?
		I decided to start over and take the project underground.
		It&apos;d allow me to mine and carve the tunnel at the same time.
		No longer would time be split between resource acquisition and and resource consumption.
		This new project would span the entirety of the Minetest map as a giant, underground grid, and eighty-one (if I recall correctly) routes to and from the surface would be provided.
		Each time a new entrance location would be reached, the spawn point would be moved to it.
		By moving the spawn point every year or so as the tunnels were completed, the spawn area would be kept mostly free of abandoned buildings from years past.
		As people requested other entrances near their own distant (and not-so-distant; one was withing sight of the central entrance) creations, the tunnel began to lose direction and lead everywhere except where planned.
	</p>
	<p>
		The design this time is simpler.
		Only nine entrances are planned, and they don&apos;t stretch quite to the edges of the map.
		If people request entrances, they will be provided, though only if the proposed entrance is in a sector I&apos;ve built the main entrance for already.
		Last time, someone decided to drag my tunnel in entirely the wrong direction, with a distance from my tunnel over halfway the planned distance between the first two main entrances.
		Never again.
		Speeding up the tunnel&apos;s progress artificially is counterproductive to the spawn point movement timer, and must be avoided.
		I must only dig the tunnel using the tools available to everyone.
		At work though, I came up with some new details.
		First, each of the eight non-central main entrances will be the start of a city named after a mineral.
		That mineral will be the official building material of the city, and players can show their town spirit by incorporating that material into their building designs.
		However, that&apos;ll be entirely optional, and players can use whatever materials they like.
		The central city will be World&apos;s Navel, what I was originally going to name the town of the central spawn point anyway.
		(The other eight towns were going to be named after the eight main compass directions.)
		However, if the Minetest developers add another mineral before we get to World&apos;s Navel, I&apos;ll likely name the city after that mineral instead.
		Which brings us to the other major change I decided upon at work.
		Previously, we started in the centre and worked our way out.
		Had the tunnel project ever seen completion, that&apos;d left us with our spawn town near the edge of the map.
		We could move it back to the centre, but then we&apos;d be moving back into a place filled with the oldest and most-likely abandoned buildings of the world.
		Or we could stay on the edge of the world.
		There was no good option.
		This time, we&apos;ll start on the edges, make a ring of towns on the edges, then head into the centre for the final spawn point.
		Additionally, this&apos;ll let our final spawn point be the one that&apos;s more of a range than a singular point.
		By default, players spawn near the middle of the map, but not always in the same place.
		However, if you choose a spawn point, you don&apos;t get to have that ranged spawn area elsewhere.
		One thing I probably will do though is write code to keep people from building in the not-yet-reached spawn areas.
		Those spots are too important to be lost to random buildings.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		The <span title="Programming 1">CS 1102</span> reading assignment for the week is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://docs.oracle.com./javase/tutorial/java/nutsandbolts/arrays.html">Arrays (The Java™ Tutorials &gt; Learning the Java Language &gt; Language Basics)</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="http://math.hws.edu./javanotes/c7/">Javanotes 7.0, Chapter 7 -- Arrays and ArrayLists</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		I got one of the programming assignments completed too, though I&apos;m too tired to upload it tonight.
		I&apos;ll try to finish the other one tomorrow.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F19.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

