<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>Redacting unnecessary information from past journal entries &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/05-May/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/05-May/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Redacting unnecessary information from past journal entries</h1>
			<p>Day 00810: Thursday, 2017 May 25</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I took a trip to the Bring recycling centre to look for a dolly.
		However, they said they hoard dollies when they com in for use in the centre, so they don&apos;t actually sell them.
		Darn.
	</p>
	<p>
		The other day, I mentioned an experiment.
		I said I&apos;d explain more when the time came if it went well.
		This has been cancelled.
		The experiment itself is interesting, especially if it ends up working, but my mere participation in it reveals something I don&apos;t want broadcast on the Internet.
		In fact, I&apos;m going to need to go back through my past journal entries and redact some stuff for privacy.
		Sorry.
		There are a couple things I can think of offhand that&apos;ll be hard to redact without losing some events I want kept in.
		It&apos;ll be a challenge to preserve the good while taking back the personal details that don&apos;t actually matter.
		As time allows, I&apos;ll probably go back and read each journal entry, one by one, and carefully adjust them as needed.
		Most specifically, anything that draws attention to my sex will be removed or replaced.
		My body has a physical sex, it&apos;s true.
		However, this is the Internet and I&apos;m agendered.
		If you&apos;ve been following me this far, you probably have a pretty good idea of my physical sex, but if you&apos;re a new reader, my sex has become irrelevant now that I&apos;ve discovered my gender identity.
		If you look quickly, my old name (which is a huge hint as to my sex) is in my whois record, but once I have my new Social Security card and <abbr title="Department of Motor Vehicles">DMV</abbr> <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> card in hand, I&apos;m updating my whois record as well.
		I&apos;m only leaving it alone for now in case I need to prove I&apos;m the domain name registrant for some reason.
		I shouldn&apos;t have to, but it&apos;s not worth the risk.
		If you&apos;re reading this, future me, you&apos;ve finished.
		Further entries make no mention or implication of my sex.
	</p>
	<p>
		I received a letter from the court today, addressed to my preferred name.
		My first thought was one of slight amusement.
		According to the court, my name change isn&apos;t final.
		I have to wait until fifteen days have passed since the judgement, then go back to the courthouse and finalise one last piece of paperwork.
		It&apos;s nice that they are using my new name, though you can surely understand why I thought they&apos;d use my old one for now.
		My amusement quickly turned to panic though.
		Why was the court writing to me?
		Did they decide to reverse the decision?
		Someone doesn&apos;t like my surname.
		That&apos;s it, isn&apos;t it?
		They&apos;ve forgotten that wye is sometimes a vowel in English, and have declared my name unpronounceable due to lack of vowels.
		They&apos;ve decided my name will cause undue confusion.
		The panic subsided though, as I realised once again that they addressed the letter to my preferred name.
		The court is calling me Alex Yst, so they must not have any particular reason to deny that name.
		As it turns out, the letter didn&apos;t have anything useful in it.
		Mainly, it was to alert me to the fact a name change judgement had been made on me.
		I was there though.
		As anticlimactic as it was, I saw it happen.
		Furthermore though, it talked about how I might have a lien put on my property until I paid back my debt to my creditor, if I&apos;d borrowed money to pay the court to process the case.
		Interesting.
		I paid in full from my own funds though.
		No creditor was involved, so no lien was placed.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was reading about identity today, and so many sources were bringing up the fact that an identity need not exist on paper.
		People use preferred names not matching their government-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>s all the time.
		This name change case shouldn&apos;t&apos;ve even been necessary.
		However, with all the identity lockdown stuff that goes on in this country, it&apos;s actually useful to have your preferred name on your <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr>.
		It shouldn&apos;t be.
		I certainly don&apos;t regret going to court for this.
		I just regret living in a world where going to court for this actually accomplished anything.
		Simply telling everyone I&apos;m Alex Yst should&apos;ve been enough.
		Identity is fluid, a single name doesn&apos;t always represent someone forever.
		For me, I doubt I&apos;ll need to switch names again.
		Unless something terrible happens and I lose <code>//y.st.</code>, &quot;Yst&quot; will always be my preferred surname.
		As long as some businesses default to using a middle initial in names instead of a full middle name or no middle name, I don&apos;t want a middle name at all.
		And as long as I reject the idiotic gender roles society imposes on us, I&apos;ll want a nice agendered name.
		&quot;Alex&quot; isn&apos;t the only option, but it fits the bill and sounds nice with my surname.
		But some other people&apos;s identities are fluid in ways different from my own identity&apos;s fluidity, ways that require a different name for a different occasion.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="mental">
	<h2>Mental health watch</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;ve come to the conclusion that I&apos;m fine.
		Perfectly fine.
		I&apos;ve been panicking over nothing.
		These is absolutely nothing in my behaviours, the way I prefer to live, or in my personality that suggests I&apos;m undergoing a change or that I&apos;ll ever engage in romantic or sexual pairing.
		Whatever strange hormone flairs I&apos;m having right now are unnerving, to say the least, but it&apos;s unlikely they&apos;ll alter my core personality.
		I just need to relax.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		Like last week, the <span title="Greek and Roman Civilization">HIST 1421</span> reading assignment this week is a bit unclear and without direct links to what we should read.
		If I understand correctly, the reading assignment is as follows:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<a href="https://the-romans.co.uk/economy.htm">The Classics Pages: Antony Kamm&apos;s &apos;The Romans&apos;: 5.1 The economy and money</a>
		</li>
		<li>
			<a href="https://the-romans.co.uk/work.htm">The Classics Pages: Antony Kamm&apos;s &apos;The Romans&apos;: 5.2 Work</a>
		</li>
	</ul>
	<p>
		I finished the reading, but this reading assignment doesn&apos;t match with what is being asked of us in the written assignments for the week.
		I&apos;ll do some further reading tomorrow and see what I come up with.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F05-May%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

