<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Toxic shift leader &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Toxic shift leader</h1>
			<p>Day 01004: Tuesday, 2017 December 05</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		My strength has definitely returned.
		There are these pans at work that very few people there can lift when they&apos;re stacked too high; I&apos;m one of three that can do it.
		Well, when I&apos;m feeling well and strong, I can do it.
		Otherwise, I have to break the stack into two (or more) smaller stacks.
		Today, lifting the full stack wasn&apos;t even difficult.
	</p>
	<p>
		My coworker tried to get me to take hours off the end of their shift again today.
		This time, I refused.
		It was different though.
		I&apos;m behind in my studies for the week.
		I have a legitimate reason why I couldn&apos;t stay there longer than I had to.
		Usually, if I don&apos;t want to take the hours, it&apos;s just because I&apos;m tired or not feeling well.
		Later, I realised that it was important that I turn down the hours anyway due to the toxic air in the place.
		They got someone else to cover the hours they wanted dropped, but I still feel bad for the people stuck working.
	</p>
	<p>
		I talked about liking my bisexual coworker yesterday, but I&apos;ve changed my mind.
		They&apos;re fun to be around, but they don&apos;t care about the safety of the crew.
		For a couple days, the ventilation fans above our oven have been broken.
		The noxious gasses spewed by the oven have been just spilling into the room with us.
		Technically, we should probably close down until they&apos;re fixed, but I understand why we don&apos;t do that.
		Besides, I need the hours; I need the pay cheque.
		Yesterday, when the head manager was in, we kept the front doors and the back door open to create an airflow right past the oven.
		That worked reasonably well, and I didn&apos;t notice any harmful effects from the gasses.
		Today though, the head manager had the day off.
	</p>
	<p>
		I came into work feeling very well; I was happy, I was enthusiastic, and and I was energetic.
		However, after a while, my mood started to sour, and a light headache developed.
		One of my coworkers went up front to prop open the door, and the shift leader said not to do that.
		The coworker explained about the broken ventilation, so they were allowed to prop open the door after all.
		At this point, I realised why I wasn&apos;t feeling well, and as the airflow swept away the toxic gas, my headache cleared and I started regaining my pep.
		A bit later though, the shift leader closed the doors on us.
		I started regaining my headache and mopey mood.
		I went and opened them again, both the front doors and back door, my condition improved somewhat, then I started feeling like garbage again.
		They&apos;d closed the doors again!
		They knew about the toxic air by wouldn&apos;t let us keep the place safe to work in!
		At one point, the coworker who originally opened the doors told the shift leader I&apos;d been the one to do it this time, not them, even though we both wanted clean air and even though the shift leader hadn&apos;t even asked and hadn&apos;t even blamed anyone (or even yet noticed the door was open again).
		Thanks.
		Just throw me to the wolf for no good reason.
	</p>
	<p>
		At one point, they got on my case about opening the doors.
		I explained again the situation with the noxious gasses, but that wasn&apos;t enough.
		I had to <strong>*justify*</strong> not wanting to breathe <strong>*poison*</strong>!
		I went on to explain that I already had a headache from the toxicity.
		That got them to let me leave the doors open for a little bit, but soon, they were closed once more.
		They found I again opened the doors, and they said (their words, not mine) they&apos;d &quot;beat my ass&quot; for it.
		(They were joking, of course, but it&apos;s not funny to joke when you&apos;re intentionally poisoning your coworkers.)
		I went into a short spiel about how I know we don&apos;t matter and that we&apos;re only minimum wage workers, but even <strong>*we*</strong> deserve clean air.
		Their response was that city air isn&apos;t clean and that if we want clean air, we should live in tents in the woods.
		Again, a joke, but seriously!?
		You&apos;re poisoning up and making us feel unwell, and you want to claim you don&apos;t see a difference between the toxicity level of the outside air and the toxicity level of the garbage spewing from the oven for which we specifically (normally) have ventilation fans to protect us from!?
		I wasn&apos;t the only one feeling the effects either.
		The other shift leader on duty said the gas was burning their eyes.
		The coworker that originally opened the doors was likewise concerned about the toxins, though I didn&apos;t hear of any specific short-term effect on them.
		It doesn&apos;t matter though; who knows what the long-term effects are?
	</p>
	<p>
		After a bit, they admitted that we all deserve clean air.
		However, as I was clocking out, I found they&apos;d closed the doors again; some people still had about two hours left before they could leave.
		Clearly, they don&apos;t actually care about our health and safety.
		They&apos;re as bad as the assistant manager, who was turning off the ventilation system (which was working at the time) simply because they were a little chilly.
		I imagine the shift leader today had similar motives.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

