<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>Concern &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Concern</h1>
			<p>Day 01009: Sunday, 2017 December 10</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I think I&apos;m ready for the next tooth extraction.
		Mentally, anyway.
		My body could still use more time to recover.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was running behind as I headed off to work today, so I didn&apos;t have time to grab my jacket.
		As I left work tonight, my toxic shift leader thought they&apos;d lend me one.
		Ha!
		They don&apos;t care if they cause me and the rest of the on-duty workers brain damage by locking the noxious oven gasses in the building with us but they care about a little cold!?
		Yeah ...
		No.
		I will continue to treat them in a civil and friendly manner, but we certainly aren&apos;t friends.
		Friends don&apos;t poison friends, especially when the friends they&apos;re poisoning have expressed concern about it.
		I refused to borrow the jacket.
	</p>
	<p>
		At first, I thought this apparent concern ... incongruent with what they&apos;d showed me recently.
		It was clearly a show.
		They could look nice by lending me a jacket, but as they admitted, it wasn&apos;t one they use, so they weren&apos;t giving anything up.
		They don&apos;t actually care.
		As I typed up that last paragraph though, it hit me: this is <strong>*completely*</strong> congruent with what they displayed the other day.
		They smoke; clearly, they don&apos;t care as much as some do about breathing toxins.
		They were locking the noxious fumes in the building with us likely to lock the heat in as well.
		Their regard for the rest of us is clearly shallow; although at least two of us were expressing immediate health effects and a third was expressing concern, they didn&apos;t care.
		However, they see the cold as an actual threat.
		They were projecting their threat model on the rest of us and forcing us all to be exposed to what could cause permanent health issues, but their concern tonight was likely genuine.
		I don&apos;t think they were highly concerned or anything, but they weren&apos;t faking it.
		I&apos;m sticking to my &quot;friends don&apos;t poison friends&quot; position though.
		Until a time in which they understand the problem and I think they actually have changed, we&apos;re workmates and nothing more.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

