<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Eviction &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Eviction</h1>
			<p>Day 01013: Thursday, 2017 December 14</p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Apparently, I&apos;ve been evicted from Opal&apos;s machine.
		I was planning to leave anyway, so this isn&apos;t a big deal, but it does show how immature Opal is being.
		It&apos;s funny how I predicted this sort of thing might happen.
		I didn&apos;t think so soon, but this is exactly why I was planning to go somewhere more stable.
		Anyway, I&apos;m now on GitHub.
		It&apos;s not the best place to be, but it was an easy way to remove myself from Opal&apos;s machine quickly.
		The <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate issue is not moot.
		I can&apos;t use a custom <abbr title="Transport Layer Security">TLS</abbr> certificate with GitHub&apos;s hosting, so I&apos;m stuck using GitHub&apos;s certificate.
		That means three things.
		First, the certificate is provided by a &quot;trusted&quot; certificate &quot;authority&quot;.
		Second, the certificate still isn&apos;t trusted, as the name on the cert and doesn&apos;t match the name in the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
		Third, the certificate error will persist until I have time to move off of GitHub.
	</p>
	<p>
		If Opal remembers at some point that I&apos;m on Volatile Git, she&apos;ll likely delete my repositories there as well.
		Thankfully, those repositories are a backup of my main repositories at NotABug.
		If either set is deleted, it&apos;s fine, as long as the other set remains intact.
		I&apos;ll continue using Volatile Git and NotABug in parallel until such a point as Opal either expresses a problem with this or outright takes action against it.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was freaking out a bit yesterday.
		My gums didn&apos;t seem to show any sign of healing yet, and soon, the other side on my mouth will have a gaping hole in it too.
		How am I supposed to chew!?
		As I was trying to get to sleep, I realised I should look up the expected time frame for gum-healing after tooth extraction, but I&apos;d already put my computer to sleep.
		I figured if I let myself wake it back up, there&apos;d be no end to how many times I woke it back up as my mind continued to race.
		I forced myself to go to sleep, planning to look it up in the morning.
		It turns out gums usually heal over in about a month.
		So I&apos;ll&apos;ve gone two weeks between surgeries, which means I&apos;ll have a two-week timespan with holes on both sides.
		My gums seem much better today though.
		Either there was some sudden healing, which is incredibly unlikely, or just knowing the time frame has helped me considerably, as far as my emotional state.
		I don&apos;t think I&apos;ll ever be ready for this next extraction, but it won&apos;t be as bad as I&apos;ve been fearing.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I wasn&apos;t feeling great yesterday, so I didn&apos;t get much done.
		I&apos;m going to pay dearly for that this week.
		Today, the first day of the school week, was spent catching up from last week.
		Wednesday, the final day of the week, will involve more oral surgery.
		These will be my only two days off from work for the week.
		Furthermore, I need to be ahead for next week if I&apos;m to not fall behind when I go visit relatives with my mother.
	</p>
	<p>
		I plan to dedicate tomorrow and the next day to reading the <span title="Computer Systems">CS 1104</span> material and completing any work that needs to be directly completed while reading.
		The next two or three days, I&apos;ll dedicate to the <span title="Software Engineering 1">CS 2401</span> readings and associated coursework.
		If I&apos;m able to complete that in two days instead of three, I can hopefully get most of my remaining work done on that fifth and final work day.
		If not, I&apos;ll have a bunch to do while trying to get through the pain of tooth extraction.
	</p>
	<p>
		I was planning to decline the after-surgery pain medication this time ... but I might not do that due to time constraints.
		Last time, once the pain came, I was pretty much out of commission, mentally.
		I could complete my mindless work at the company I work for with little difficulty, as I was barely impaired physically, but I couldn&apos;t focus on coursework.
		(I didn&apos;t even notice any physical impairment, but I wasn&apos;t allowed to lift heavy loads.)
		I might need the several hours the pain medication can buy me.
		It&apos;s only the one dose though.
		Unless the pain&apos;s much more severe than last time, which I don&apos;t anticipate, I won&apos;t be taking anything after I leave the dentists&apos; office.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

