<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>Another surgery &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Another surgery</h1>
			<p>Day 01019: <time>Wednesday, 2017 December 20</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I was worried the dentist would want to reschedule the extraction due to the swelling from yesterday&apos;s breakfast mishap.
		The dentist just saw it as a sign the teeth really needed to go though, so we proceeded on schedule.
		After the procedure, they said they appreciated that I&apos;d come in; they thought I was going to reschedule and put this off.
		I&apos;m fearful, but I&apos;m no coward.
		They&apos;re the one that wanted to put operating on this side of my mouth off last time, not me.
		I forgot to mention the bleeding to the dentist though.
		Oh well, too late now.
	</p>
	<p>
		I noticed some tabs on their record folder for me this time: three big letter tabs spelling out the name &quot;YST&quot;.
		That got me curious.
		With the size of the letter tabs, they wouldn&apos;t be able to spell most people&apos;s surnames, which have about ten or so letters.
		I asked the dental assistant what they do with people with normal-length names, but got no real response.
		The dental assistant this time didn&apos;t seem to pay much attention, as I&apos;d find out later when they would give me instructions that contradicted what the dentist and I discussed.
	</p>
	<p>
		Apparently, the swelling and pain in that side of my jaw was due to an abscess.
		They were able to drain it before pulling any teeth.
		Most of what I felt this time was pressure, not pain, unlike last time.
		There was still some pain, but much less.
		Asking about it, I learned I had an abscess on the other side when they were operating as well, but because it was deeper, they weren&apos;t able to drain it beforehand; this was likely the cause of the increased level of pain.
		With the greatly-reduced pain, I cried a little again, but this time out of relief instead of fear.
	</p>
	<p>
		The roots on one of my teeth wouldn&apos;t come out.
		The dentist could keep trying, but it seems those roots are near a nerve and the dentist doesn&apos;t want to push it.
		I should&apos;ve asked what the implications of the nearby nerve are, but I wasn&apos;t quite in the calm state of mind needed to think of such questions until I got home.
		They&apos;re going to refer me to a specialist to get the roots removed, but the top of the tooth is already gone.
		They did some cutting with the drill, but this time, they only revved it the first time before putting it in my mouth.
		Subsequent times, when I thought they were done with the drill as they&apos;d started working with other tools, I&apos;d find myself surprised to hear the drill in my mouth again.
		They didn&apos;t give me any stitches either, likely because the specialist is going to need to get in there.
	</p>
	<p>
		I distracted myself most of the time with random thoughts to try to keep calm.
		At first, I thought about their tools.
		I&apos;m unsure of the nature of these tools, but they&apos;re colour-coded; red and yellow.
		Because of the colours, one of the other dentists named them &quot;ketchup&quot; and &quot;mustard&quot;.
		So they have tools named after condiments, and they put them in people&apos;s mouths.
		Hilarious.
		I was reacting to the stuff going on in my mouth, but a couple &quot;reactions&quot; the dentist must have seen were actually short, stifled giggles.
		Later, the dentist asked their assistant for the precepts.
		I immediately thought of an arm with bulging biceps and a hot torso with rippling abs attached to it.
		Soon after, I started thinking about how the dentist had their hands in the mouth of a queer and probably had no idea.
	</p>
	<p>
		I may not have been in the right mind to ask about the implications of the nearby nerve, but I did remember to ask a couple questions I had since last time.
		When the other assistant had told me a denture would prevent bone loss, I&apos;d meant to ask the dentist about it during that same visit.
		I asked this time, and they said it would <strong>*slow*</strong> the bone loss, not prevent it.
		I also planned to ask the dentist about syringes as well.
		My post-op care instructions told me to rinse out the hole in my gums with a syringe, but where was I supposed to get one of those?
		I forgot to ask the dentist, but I remembered in time to ask the dental assistant as they were checking me out.
		They gave me one from the office&apos;s supply room.
	</p>
	<p>
		The dental assistant threw out the teeth this time, so we don&apos;t get a bloody picture this time.
		I&apos;ve also been asked to start taking the antibiotics that I was prescribed last time.
		Before, they were just in case of fever, but this time, I&apos;m to take them regardless.
		The dentist didn&apos;t give me any pain medication before I left this time though, and the pain started setting in as I biked home.
		Worse than the pain in my jaw was that in my brain; I had a bad headache after the procedure.
		I&apos;ll make it through though.
		I have the pain medication prescribed last time here at home, but I&apos;m not going to take it unless I get desperate.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		After taking the time to write about my dental experience, I laid down to rest a few minutes.
		I couldn&apos;t let myself rest any longer than that though, as I had an essay to write.
		Soon, I found myself unable to concentrate, so I rested for a bit more.
		I couldn&apos;t really relax either though, so within minutes, I was back to working on my essay again.
		I ended up taking a long soak in a warm bathtub to try to feel better.
		That&apos;s the first time I&apos;ve soaked since Coos Bay, to be honest.
		We had a hot tub there that I&apos;d sometimes use when no one was around.
		After that, I sort of alternated between lying down in the bedroom and doing coursework in the kitchen until I gave up and brought my laptop to bed with me.
		That way, I could work on my essay whenever I had a small bit of strength to work on it instead of just when Id built up enough strength to get out of bed for a while.
	</p>
	<p>
		My essay came out ... bad.
		It&apos;s not like I really care right now though; I&apos;m not feeling well enough to care.
		My test cases came out well, mostly because I did the write-up yesterday before the procedure.
		I didn&apos;t finish my learning journal assignments and get them submitted before the school week ended (at 21:00 in my time zone), but I guess it was never my goal to.
		I did get them finished by midnight in my time zone, which was the real goal.
		Tomorrow, hopefully I&apos;ll feel much better and can begin to tackle the next week&apos;s tasks right away.
		If not, I&apos;ll have a rough(er) week ahead of me.
	</p>
	<p>
		I posted my new course decisions several days ago, but that entry is going to have to be redacted until 2023-01-01.
		A couple days later, I wrote up an explanation detailing a new format for my course tree.
		Again, redacted until 2023-01-01.
		Long story short though, the old format links to the now-redacted coursework index, which is suboptimal, and it also represents my former attitude toward the school.
		This new format avoids linking to the redacted index by avoiding mentioning past courses.
		This is a necessary change, as the only way completed and scheduled courses were distinguished from future courses was the fact that if they were completed or scheduled, their names were hyperlinked.
		It better represents my new attitude, as I no longer feel like I&apos;m accumulating anything.
		Coursework has become drudgery.
		I used to like to see how far I&apos;ve come, but I&apos;m not really getting anywhere.
		All that&apos;s left is the list of what&apos;s left to get through.
	</p>
	<p>
		Anyway, it&apos;s helpful for me to have the list of what&apos;s left to do on a publicly-accessible journal page.
		It means I can save a bookmark in my Web browser and return here when it comes time to select the next courses.
		Reformatting has let me do that.
		Without further ado, let me say that I&apos;ll be taking an algebra course and an English course, both proctored, and present my current left-to-do list:
	</p>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<span class="needed-for-associate" title="Communications and Networking">CS 2204</span>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Advanced Networking and Data Security">CS 4404</span>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Data Structures">CS 3303</span>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Analysis of Algorithms">CS 3304</span>
					<ul>
						<li>
							<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Data Mining and Machine Learning">CS 4407</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>
							<ul>
								<li>
									<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Artificial Intelligence">CS 4408</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>
								</li>
							</ul>
						</li>
						<li>
							<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Computer Graphics">CS 4406</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>
						</li>
					</ul>
				</li>
				<li>
					<span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Information Retrieval">CS 3308</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			All of these: <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Web Programming 2">CS 3305</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Mobile Applications">CS 4405</span>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Operating Systems 2">CS 3307</span>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Software Engineering 2">CS 4403</span>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Comparative Programming Languages">CS 4402</span>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Databases 2">CS 3306</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Calculus">MATH 1211</span>, <span class="needed-for-associate" title="Introduction to Statistics">MATH 1280</span><em title="(proctored course)">*</em>, <span class="needed-for-bachelor" title="Discrete Mathematics">MATH 1302</span>
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="needed-for-associate">One of these</span>: <span title="Biology 1 for Health Studies Majors">BIOL 1121</span>, <span title="Introduction to Biology">BIOL 1301</span>, <span title="Introduction to Environmental Science">ENVS 1301</span>
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="needed-for-bachelor">One of these</span>: <span title="Introduction to Economics">ECON 1580</span>, <span title="Introduction to Human Psychology">PSYC 1111</span>, <span title="Emotional Intelligence">PSYC 1205</span>, <span title="Introduction to Psychology">PSYC 1504</span>, <span title="Introduction to Sociology">SOC 1502</span>
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="needed-for-associate">One</span> (<span class="needed-for-bachelor">two</span>) of these: <span title="Art History">AHIST 1401</span>, <span title="World Literature">ENGL 1405</span>, <span title="Introduction to Philosophy">PHIL 1402</span>
		</li>
		<li>
			<span class="needed-for-associate">One</span> (<span class="needed-for-bachelor">four</span>) electives
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

