<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>ALEX &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>ALEX</h1>
			<p>Day 01023: <time>Sunday, 2017 December 24</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		Our mother&apos;s quite frustrated.
		Some things aren&apos;t going as she planned, though her plans were, quite honestly, unrealistic.
		For starters, she she wants nothing to do with her only son, Cyrus.
		Due to the court-ordered visitation schedule, Vanessa has to go to our father&apos;s place tomorrow.
		My mother&apos;s plan was for Cyrus to stay out of visibility while we were here, then travel with Vanessa and our father to our father&apos;s place.
		Um.
		What?
		Anyway, Cyrus instead has already made the trip to our fathers place, which is the only realistic option, given how our mother is acting.
		Vivian also assumed the holiday would end fairly early in the morning tomorrow for our mother, as Vanessa would have to leave.
		So Vivian made plans for later in the day.
		Apparently, our mother&apos;s planning to hold Vanessa longer than legally allowed though, and has conned Vanessa into playing along.
		That has two implications.
		First, our mother was able to make plans for further in the day than Vivian had anticipated.
		Second, our mother&apos;s plan for our brother was to wait even longer, potentially spending the entire holiday alone.
		Our mother is so inconsiderate at times.
	</p>
	<p>
		That said, our mother can be very thoughtful as well.
		I think she&apos;s trying to be understanding of my new understanding of myself, though she sees it in pieces.
		Today, she gave me a thoughtful gift, a framed set of four photographs of moss.
		She&apos;s arranged the moss to spell out the name &quot;ALEX&quot;.
		(I snapped a photograph of it to post in this journal entry, but with my mobile refusing to speak with my laptop, I wasn&apos;t able to actually include it.)
		It&apos;s definitely a more thoughtful gift than I thought her capable of, and a nicer gift than I could imagine receiving from anyone.
		It made me feel bad about the simple plush dragon I bought her.
		This month has taken a lot out of me though, so I wasn&apos;t able to put much into it; not to mention that she&apos;s always been terrible at choosing gifts for me because she tends to block out that which she doesn&apos;t like.
		I&apos;ll need to make sure to put more into her gift for next year, but I&apos;m also doing better and should have more time.
		I already have a good idea as to what to make her as well.
		She also bought Vivian and I each a set of borosilicate storage containers with lids.
		I think the lids are plastic, but being borosilicate, the bottoms can be cooked in.
	</p>
	<p>
		A couple of our other relatives also gave us gifts, which is incredibly odd.
		Our branch of the family has never been included in the main family gift exchange, so we didn&apos;t know to bring anything.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		I&apos;m cut off.
		My mobile is refusing to speak with my laptop now, so I can&apos;t reach the Internet.
		I tried replacing the cord, but that didn&apos;t work; the cord isn&apos;t what&apos;s broken.
		Joy.
		I won&apos;t be able to work on the discussion assignments during the trip, nor will I be able to do any research if I need to.
	</p>
	<p>
		Our mother only got an hour of sleep, so she postponed the trip by several hours.
		She was able to get another hour of sleep, but that was all.
		As horrible as it was that she didn&apos;t feel well, it did buy me time to get a lot of coursework done.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

