<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Surgeon &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Surgeon</h1>
			<p>Day 01026: Wednesday, 2017 December 27</p>
		</header>
<section id="university">
	<p>
		My exam proctor, the University of Oregon testing centre, says they accepted the proctor position via the links in both emails, one for each course, on the twentieth.
		They even know the names of the courses without my telling them, meaning that there&apos;s zero chance the school didn&apos;t properly process the information I gave them.
		I swear, my school in so mixed up a lot of the time.
		However, they asked if they should confirm again, so I said to try it while I was waiting for a response from my program advisor about the matter, and I&apos;ve now received the confirmation-of-confirmation emails.
		Either the testing centre lied to me today and hadn&apos;t touched the acceptance links or (more likely) my university&apos;s system is messing up.
	</p>
	<p>
		My discussion post for the day:
	</p>
	<blockquote>
		<p>
			I think you were the only student this week to recognise both types of interrupts.
			Great job!
			Each of them play a vital, though differing, role.
			Some interrupts are for dealing with the input devices, while other interrupts are for multitasking with the <abbr title="central processing unit">CPU</abbr>.
		</p>
	</blockquote>
</section>
<section id="dental">
	<h2>Dental work</h2>
	<p>
		As expected, the dental office didn&apos;t contact me about the specialist as they were supposed to.
		I&apos;ve been out of town and unable to do anything about that, but today, I reached out to them to see what the deal was.
		What I didn&apos;t expect was that they&apos;d redirect my message to someone that&apos;d try to use a broken &quot;secure email&quot; system to speak with me.
		First of all, it wasn&apos;t even email, but a Web-based messaging system.
		I wish people would stop trying to pass that off as any sort of email.
		I don&apos;t care if you want to reach me via a Web-based chat system, just don&apos;t call it &quot;secure email&quot;; it isn&apos;t.
		Anyway, to use their system, it was required that I set up an account.
		The system refused to allow my password, but also didn&apos;t tell me what it didn&apos;t like about my password so I could fix it.
		I tried several passwords, the system declined them all.
		I wrote back to figure out what the password requirements were, but can you guess what happened?
		I received another real email alerting me to the fact that I&apos;d received another &quot;secure email&quot;.
		They were replying and trying to help me get onto the system via the system I couldn&apos;t get onto without help.
		How in Squiddy&apos;s name did they expect me to read their messages!?
		I swear, someone on staff must be a complete moron.
		Anyway, I was able to get in touch with my original contact, who this time got the second person to use real email.
		That&apos;s not what I was after (I was only trying to get the password requirements to set up my account on their system they wanted me to use), but it works for me.
		Real email&apos;s so much easier to work with.
	</p>
	<p>
		Anyway, I&apos;ve got the address of the office the specialist works in, and they&apos;re said to be an oral surgeon.
		I&apos;m curious as to what the difference between an oral surgeon and a dentist is, seeing as the dentist performed oral surgery on me.
		Twice.
		Maybe the surgeon doesn&apos;t also do drilling and such; I&apos;m not sure if cavity-drilling and -filling count as surgery.
		I&apos;ll probably try to get into the surgeon&apos;s office tomorrow to set up an appointment.
		It&apos;s a bit far and I can&apos;t copy a map from my laptop to my mobile any more, so this could prove to be a challenge.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

