<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Difficulties &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/12-December/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/12-December/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Difficulties</h1>
			<p>Day 01029: Saturday, 2017 December 30</p>
		</header>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University drudgery</h2>
	<p>
		I worked on my coursework some, but I&apos;m having a bit of an issue grasping the topic at hand.
		After a while, I gave up ant took a break, which ended up lasting longer than intended.
		I got distracted looking at various Debian <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr>es available.
		I had a shift today too that both began early and ended late.
		That further cut into my coursework time.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="thought">
	<h2>Food for thought</h2>
	<p>
		I don&apos;t want to say anything about specific people, just because it&apos;d make them look bad and that&apos;s not the goal here.
		However, I was presented with a couple new thoughts by the person I was working with today.
		First, they brought to the surface the realisation that I shouldn&apos;t be going out of my way to spare the feelings of toxic people.
		(If you&apos;ve been reading my journal, you probably know who I mean.)
		I don&apos;t think that idea was their intent, but they did agree with it.
		Still, I&apos;m mild mannered and wouldn&apos;t hurt someone intentionally whether I like them or not, but I shouldn&apos;t put the extra care and effort into making sure not to hurt those that don&apos;t mind hurting me.
	</p>
	<p>
		Second, we have a bit of a braggart on the payroll.
		They complete tasks quickly, time it, then tell the rest of us about it.
		I was never super impressed, but I was mildly impressed.
		They cut the braggart down to size real quickly though.
		All they did was ask about the quality of the speedy work.
		I hadn&apos;t considered that.
		The main thing the braggart is terrible at is cleaning; that&apos;s also what they most like to brag about.
		I&apos;m no longer impressed whatsoever.
		Anyway, the moral of the story is that if you&apos;ve got a braggart on your hands, and you&apos;re actually impressed in any way, try thinking about what they&apos;ve sacrificed in exchange for the impressive feat.
		Sure, you can clean things quickly if you don&apos;t actually get them clean, but is that actually impressive?
	</p>
</section>
<section id="health">
	<p>
		Today ends my prescribed amoxicillin doses.
		I don&apos;t think I&apos;ve had the stuff before, but my mother&apos;s allergic to it, as is Vivian.
		Also, my mother&apos;s reaction to it doesn&apos;t begin until about ten days after she quits taking it; then she breaks out in hives.
		So ... yeah ...
		In about ten days, I get to see if I have the same reaction to it as my mother.
		If I do, this isn&apos;t going to be pleasant.
		With my poor luck streak still completely intact (I thought it&apos;d ended, but then there was the garbage with the school to keep the chain going), I probably am allergic to it, but like my mother, not in any lethal way.
		My luck&apos;s been bad, but not bad enough to be anywhere near fatal.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="docmod">
	<h2>Document modifications</h2>
	<p>
		On <a href="/en/weblog/2018/01-January/16.xhtml#Vivian">2018-01-16</a>, my sister, Vivian, requested that I replace all instances of her legal name in my journal with the name &quot;Vivian&quot;.
		She also asked that the name of the organisation she works for be redacted.
		This page was modified to fulfil that request.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F12-December%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

