<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/05.xhtml"/>
		<title>Relay service &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/05.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/05.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/04.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/06.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Relay service</h1>
			<p>Day 00364: <time>Saturday, 2016 March 05</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I did not sleep well last night.
	I woke up at about four and couldn&apos;t get back to sleep.
</p>
<p>
	I began my <a href="http://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion/">onion-to-clearnet</a> forwarding service today to aid in bypassing <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> blocks.
	I obviously can&apos;t use it myself, as my own <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address acts as the exit, but perhaps someone can make use of it.
	Unfortunately, I set up the website for the server over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> instead of <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>.
	I much prefer <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure">HTTPS</abbr>, but a lot of onionlanders don&apos;t.
	This service is for them, not me, and encryption is already supplied by <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, so I&apos;ll do it their way.
	I&apos;ve also decided to use the high ports, not the low ports, for forwarding.
	Many of the low ports have specific services that they are assumed to run.
	If I end up needing one of those ports after I&apos;ve already assigned it for forwarding, it will be too late.
	As such, I&apos;ve decided to use the ports in the 49152-65535 range, as they are currently defined as ports that will not be assigned any specific service.
	If the <abbr title="Internet Assigned Numbers Authority">IANA</abbr> decides to change this, some network changes will be to be expected, so there won&apos;t be any issues with me reclaiming ports; it wasn&apos;t my fault, I took reasonable precautions.
	<a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">Wowaname</a> suggested allowing other people to share their <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses in the same way, using my onion to forward to random volunteer machines in a round-robin-type way.
	I&apos;m not sure who would volunteer, but it seems like it would be easy to set up on their end.
	The simplest way would probably be to set up port forwarding in their home router configuration.
	They wouldn&apos;t even need to install <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, though of course I recommend installing and using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> to everyone.
	I thought about adding freenode to my forwarding configuration, but due to the fact that I don&apos;t want to play &quot;favorites&quot; with <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>-haters, I didn&apos;t want to add any specific services until they were requested.
	<a href="https://ronsor.net/">Ronsor</a> quickly suggested <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/">freenode</a> (once people were actually awake), so that resolved that issue.
</p>
<p>
	While discussing ways to get multiple <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> addresses to be usable for relay service, wowaname and I were discussing on <a href="ircs://kitsune6uv4dtdve.onion:6697/%23Volatile">#Volatile</a> how nice round robin support for onion addresses.
	One hidden service node can relay to multiple servers, but multiple hidden service nodes cannot use the same onion address like can be done in <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr>.
	Cathugger knew of an article about <a href="https://www.benthamsgaze.org/2015/11/17/scaling-tor-hidden-services/">horizontal scalability of hidden services</a>.
	With the techniques the author suggests, it is possible to get up to sixty separate machines at separate locations to receive requests meant for a single onion address.
	These sixty machines are all registered with the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network without any changes to the underlying infrastructure.
	The only things changed are on the machines that hold the private onion key.
	It sounds a bit difficult to deploy and custom code is needed, but it might get people thinking about the need to share onion addresses between machines like this.
	It might lead to changes in how <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> fundamentally handles hidden services.
	Even if it doesn&apos;t lead to changes, it provides an option for large services that really need more room to grow on the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> network.
</p>
<p>
	When the local community college said that they would send me a gift card, I assumed that it was a use-anywhere prepaid type of gift card.
	That was a naïve assumption on my part.
	The card arrived in the mail today and it&apos;s a gift card for their in-house book store.
	As the card dosen&apos;t have much on it and I don&apos;t know if I&apos;ll be attending this school, it&apos;s little more than an amusing novelty item.
	Still, it got me to submit my feedback for their orientation.
	I was going to do that anyway, but this helped make sure I did it in a timely manner.
</p>
<p>
	Our mother, Cyrus, Vanessa, and I volunteered at a spaghetti-serving fund raiser today.
	We told them that we were there to help, then waited a couple hours for them to be ready for help.
	We were pretty much just wasting time unable to do anything, so we asked if they even needed us.
	They told us that they didn&apos;t even want our help.
	Why didn&apos;t they just tell us that from the beginning? While I was waiting, I thought about the fact that my <a href="/en/domains/accessed574tizbu.onion.xhtml">accessed574tizbu</a> onion would have been a cool address for my forwarding service because it helps people access malicious servers, but I&apos;m going to continue using my <a href="/en/domains/sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion.xhtml">sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv</a> onion.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that Ronsor will be away for three weeks.
</p>
<p>
	Wowaname decided that she wanted her <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>-to-IRC2P onion to be &quot;listed&quot; on my forwarding service.
	It seemed pretty strange to me.
	I&apos;m not sure she understood that it was a forwarding service, not a listing of forwarding services.
	However, it seemed like it could be of benefit to <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, as it does provide access to a service not normally reachable over <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>, so I went with it.
	However, I didn&apos;t want it to look like my forwarding service was not up to forwarding to other darknets and that this burden had to fall to others.
	To fix this, I set up <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr> on my server and forwarded one of my onion ports to <a href="irc://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49153/">IRC2P</a> as well.
	If I chance upon any other services similar to mine, I&apos;ll add them to my list and forward to their destinations in parallel.
	A little redundancy doesn&apos;t hurt.
	While the onion-to-clearnet ports are nice for getting access to places without giving into their ridiculous anti-privacy agendas, the onion-to-other-darnet ports are nice for convenience.
</p>
<p>
	As I was installing <a href="apt:i2p"><abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr></a> on my server, I decided to install it <a href="https://geti2p.net/en/download/debian#debian">from a package</a>, unlike on my client machine.
	Installation went fine, but I found that <abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>&apos;s package, being from a non-Debian party, is not set up to start itself as a system service.
	You still need to run <code>i2prouter start</code> to start it each time you start the system, unless you script something to take care of that.
	<abbr title="Invisible Internet Project">I2P</abbr>&apos;s strange (in my opinion) setup of binding ports to services made it ridiculously easy to forward between darknets.
	It also didn&apos;t hurt that one of the default port bindings was pointed directly to the service that I needed in this case.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F05.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

