<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>RSS feed coded, but postponed &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</abbr> feed coded, but postponed</h1>
			<p>Day 00368: Wednesday, 2016 March 09</p>
		</header>
<p>
	It just occurred to me today: if <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> no longer allows hidden service directories outside of <a href="file:///var/lib/tor/">/var/lib/tor/</a>, won&apos;t that break <a href="apt:torchat">TorChat</a> and Ricochet? I asked in <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net:6697/%23Tor">#Tor</a>, and arma assured me that this isn&apos;t the case.
	The new <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> packages use an apparmor profile.
	Supposedly, this will not interfere with <a href="apt:torchat">TorChat</a> or Ricochet&apos;s use of <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> to store hidden service directories in more accessible places.
	If this is true, I can only assume that it means that the apparmor profile is used by the service, as the TorChat package uses the <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> system package, and thus the main <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> binary.
</p>
<p>
	I wrote to my ond school about the expired check I found yesterday, but they told me to call the school and ask by telephone instead.
	I wrote back explaining that I haven&apos;t had telephone service for about ten months, then asked if there was a way to get the information I&apos;m looking for without a telephone.
	I&apos;ll probably see how they respond tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">Wowaname</a> was talking about KindOne being able pay for the <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr> any more, so I assumed that the <abbr title="virtual private server">VPS</abbr> had become too costly.
	However, it seems that there wasn&apos;t a funding problem, but a login problem.
	The log in password has been lost, so KindOne wasn&apos;t able to log in to pay the bill.
	I know how that feels.
	I lost a few domain names that way.
</p>
<p>
	I built the code to build my <abbr title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</abbr> feed for my weblog, but I can&apos;t find the <abbr title="Extensible Markup Language">XML</abbr> namespace that <abbr title="Rich Site Summary">RSS</abbr> documents are supposed to use.
	Until I can find the correct namespace to use, I can&apos;t make the feed live.
</p>
<p>
	We went to see a jazz concert today.
	The first act was a group from one of the schools, and they were pretty good.
	I wouldn&apos;t mind looking up some of their songs to see if they are in the public domain, and adding them to my playlist if they are.
	Unfortunately, they didn&apos;t have a list of the songs they played available.
	The second act was hard to bear though.
	This group of four professionals took a bunch of known-proprietary songs that I already didn&apos;t like and butchered them.
	It was cool though that the saxophone player came out into the audience so we could see the saxophone being played up close.
	Both acts were a bit loud though and could stand to have their speakers turned down a bit.
</p>
<p>
	My mother got the news tonight that she&apos;s been transfered to <a href="http://millicoma.cbd9.net/">Millicoma Middle School</a> like she wanted.
	Or rather, if she&apos;s stuck in this area, that&apos;s where she wants to be.
	She&apos;d rather move closer to Portland, but life at <a href="http://madison.cbd9.net/">Madison Elementary School</a> has been pretty awful.
	Between a staff that doesn&apos;t support her, extra work that constantly gets piled on, and a classroom full of little monsters, she needed to get out of there.
</p>
<p>
	I went through my entire weblog and fixed all the <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s (again).
	This time will hopefully be the last time I have to do so.
	If we could actually get a standard put in place for these things, they would be more stable.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

