<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/10.xhtml"/>
		<title>Beginning to file bug reports against Web browsers &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/10.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/10.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/09.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/11.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Beginning to file bug reports against Web browsers</h1>
			<p>Day 00369: Thursday, 2016 March 10</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I broke down and tried using <a href="apt:uzbl">uzbl</a> without <a href="apt:tor"><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr></a>.
	However, as it won&apos;t accept &quot;bad&quot; certificates, I can&apos;t test its handling of <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> host names.
	I sorted the rest of the Web browser I tried into categories debending on the nature of the bugs that they display in relation to Host headers and <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> host names.
	I found that <a href="apt:links">Links</a> and <a href="apt:links2">Links2</a> were the only two without bugs! Those two don&apos;t support <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> host names, but that means that they are at least not sending malformed <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> host names.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to report the bug in <a href="apt:iceweasel">Firefox</a> to Mozilla, but I when attempting to register an account, I was greeted with this error message:
</p>
<blockquote><p>
	User account creation has been restricted.
	Contact your administrator or the maintainer (bugzilla-admin@mozilla.org) for information about creating an account.
</p></blockquote>
<p>
	I need this bug fixed though, so I wrote to the email address provided in hopes of getting help.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I went to report the bug in <a href="apt:midori">Midori</a>.
	That seemed simple enough at first, but they wanted me to include information on what version of Midori I&apos;m running.
	Seeing as every Web browser I&apos;ve tested either has this bug, one of two others, doesn&apos;t support <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr>, or won&apos;t start, the chances that this is fixed in recent versions is very slim.
	However, I didn&apos;t want my report dismissed on the grounds that I&apos;m using an outdated software, so I looked into upgrading.
	The Midori team provides a <a href="http://midori-browser.org/download/debian/">package</a>, but they also warn that installing it can lead to complications due to dependency on more recent versions of libraries than are available in the repository, so I downloaded the <a href="http://midori-browser.org/download/source/">source</a> instead.
	Before compiling it though, I decided to check the version number of my installed copy to see how far behind the most recent version it is.
	As it turns out, I already had the most recent version! Because Debian dropped Midori from their repository in Debian 8, I had gotten Midori from the unofficial backports repository, and the backports repository has an up-to-date copy of Midori.
</p>
<p>
	Next, I tried to report the bug in <a href="apt:arora">Arora</a>, but I can&apos;t find a place to do so.
	The main website redirects to the <a href="https://github.com/Arora/arora">Github repository</a>, but that repository seems to have its &quot;issues&quot; feature disabled.
	I ended up sending an email to the developer.
	He responded saying that the functionality in question is actually a part of the Qt networking library, so that is where the bug lies.
	I&apos;ll probably submit a bug report on Qt tomorrow.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to report the bug in <a href="apt:chromium">Chromium</a>, but a Google account is required and Google will not allow me to register without a telephone number.
	I went to <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/%23Chromium">#Chromium</a> for help, and found a URI mentioned in their topic about reporting bugs, so I followed it.
	It redirected to a page that throws 500 errors if you don&apos;t have a User-Agent string set.
	After I set my User-Agent string, it redirected to another Google log in page.
	I still couldn&apos;t report the bug without a telephone number, which is both obnoxious and counterproductive.
	If people want to report bugs, you should be happy to have testers, especially when you aren&apos;t even paying them, and should not demand pieces of information that they may not have or may not want to give you.
	I pasted my bug report <a href="https://paste.debian.net/413999/">somewhere where it&apos;ll be accessible for the next ninety days</a>, then asked someone in-channel to file it on my behalf.
	Thankfully, ellyjones stepped up and said she&apos;d submit the <a href="https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=593952">bug report</a> for me, though she also told me something I already knew: it&apos;s unlikely that the developers will even care.
	However, it seems that the Chromium developers think that the bug is yet another symptom of a <a href="https://bugs.chromium.org/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=496472">known bug</a>.
	Looking over the details, it does indeed mention the <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> host name issue.
	My interference wasn&apos;t needed.
</p>
<p>
	I still haven&apos;t heard back from my old school about the check.
	I&apos;ll likely need to write to them again on Monday.
</p>
<p>
	Tonight, my mother freaked out again.
	She invited me to a trivia challenge event.
	Not wanting to deal with her and her name issues, I thought that the safest option was to decline.
	However, I made the mistake of trying to justify my declining of the offer.
	If I had simply said that I didn&apos;t want to go with no explanation, everything would have probably been fine.
	I said that it didn&apos;t seem like something I would enjoy, as it sounds like competition and I&apos;m not a fan of the necessity of there being winners and losers.
	She replied that that it&apos;s similar to how things work in life.
	I continued that not everything in life is enjoyable, and competition is one of those things in life that I don&apos;t enjoy.
	That really set her off.
	It was as if she thinks that everything that&apos;s mandatory in life must somehow be fun and should be craved.
	It&apos;s utter nonsense.
</p>
<p>
	With mother in such a mood, I really wanted to stay home and not go to the family science night.
	I didn&apos;t know how to tell her this without pissing her off further though, so I went anyway.
	As it turned out, we ended up manning different stations, so it all worked out.
	Vanessa and I worked a balloon booth with a stranger, while our mother worked a booth on the other side of the room.
	Cyrus ended up volunteering as well instead of participating as he had planned, and worked a booth near the center of the room.
</p>
<p>
	Before heading off to bed, I noticed that my my hidden service port-listing function had failed to alphabetize the known port forward destinations.
	I fixed the function, then updated the port listing online.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F10.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

