<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/11.xhtml"/>
		<title>I thought that this website would need to come down for a while &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/11.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
		<nav>
			<p>
				<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
				<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
				<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
				<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
				<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
				<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
				<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/11.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Weblog index:
				<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
				<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
			<p>
				Jump to entry:
				<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
				<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/10.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
				<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/12.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
				<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
		</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I thought that this website would need to come down for a while</h1>
			<p>Day 00370: Friday, 2016 March 11</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Looking through the Qt bug database to see if the <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> bug had already been reported, I found that while it hadn&apos;t been reported yet, other bugs related to <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> were already in the database.
	That&apos;s a good sign for me, as it tells me that I&apos;m indeed in the right place.
	The Qt account signup process involved a form that requested a telephone number, so I was worried I wouldn&apos;t be able to create an account, but it turned out to be optional and I filed my <a href="https://bugreports.qt.io/browse/QTBUG-51821">report</a>.
</p>
<p>
	Someone from Mozilla wrote back about the creation of my account.
	He claimed that the website blocks registration based on a blacklist of known temporary email address providers.
	but <code>y.st</code> isn&apos;t a temporary email address provider! I highly doubt that this blacklist would happen to contain my domain that hardly anyone knows of.
	My guess is that it&apos;s either blocking me because of my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> use, my use of an uncommon <abbr title="Top Level Domain">TLD</abbr>, or my use of a single-character <abbr title="Second Level Domain">SLD</abbr>.
	In any case, the person from Mozilla created the account for me manually, so I was able to submit the <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1255854">bug report</a>.
</p>
<p>
	The <abbr title="GNU Network Object Model Environment">GNOME</abbr> bug tracker also uses the Bugzilla software, but they don&apos;t seem to have any blocks in place, so account creation was simple.
	I submitted my <a href="https://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=763510">bug report</a> against <a href="apt:epiphany-browser">Epiphany</a> and was on my way.
	Filing a <a href="https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=360423">bug report</a> against <a href="apt:konqueror">Konqueror</a> was just as easy, though I kind of wonder if Konqueror&apos;s issue is inherited from Qt like Arora&apos;s is.
</p>
<p>
	I couldn&apos;t find a bug tracker on the <a href="apt:surf">Surf</a> <a href="http://surf.suckless.org/">website</a>, but they did mention a <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.org:6697/%23suckless">channel on <abbr title="Open and Free Technology Community">OFTC</abbr></a>.
	The channel topic requests that people test against the Git repository before submitting bug reports, so I did that.
	In-channel, quinq said that they don&apos;t have a bug tracker, but that I could post in-channel or use the mailing list, then asked about the nature of the bug.
	Upon explaining, quinq said that the bug was probably actually in Webkit.
	I went to the <a href="https://webkit.org/reporting-bugs/">Webkit website</a>, and it said to download the latest nightly build before reporting bugs.
	However, the nightly build page would only show me the build for OS X.
	I submitted a <a href="https://bugs.webkit.org/show_bug.cgi?id=155378">bug report</a> anyway though, and if it comes up, I&apos;ll tell them about how their nightly download page only provides an OS X version.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to find an official website for the <a href="apt:w3m">w3m</a> Web browser, but the closest thing that I could find was their SourceForge repository.
	To report a bug there, I&apos;d need a SourceForge account, but they claim that my registration violates their antispam policy.
	As they detected &quot;Anonymous Proxy&quot; as my country of origin, their &quot;antispam&quot; policy no doubt is anti-<abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	I&apos;ve sent an email to SourceForge in hopes of getting help, or at the very least, some clarity on why my registrations are being rejected.
	I located their <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/%23w3m">channel on <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr></a> to ask there, and their topic confirms that their main presence is at SourceForge.
	The response they gave asked for my IP address, confirming that they are likely maliciously discriminating against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
</p>
<p>
	I received some information via paper mail about my new dental coverage provided by the state.
	They assigned <a href="https://secure.advantagedental.com/">Advantage Dental</a> as my dental care provider.
	They have a location very close to my house, but instead of assigning me to that location, they assigned me to one that will take all day to walk to.
	I don&apos;t see an option to contact them online either.
	I was going to walk into the local location when I got a chance and ask them about it, but events later in the day changed that.
</p>
<p>
	It seems that I&apos;ve allowed myself to become distracted again.
	I should have been making preparations to move out.
	My mother continues to act strange today and said that she wants me to move in with my father on Sunday.
	She started out by saying that she was headed over to her school to help with their school carnival, so I offered to help out.
	She then went on about how I don&apos;t like competition and so she doesn&apos;t think I like anything that she likes.
	Somehow, this equates to me not being a good candidate for volunteering.
	She then went on about how she thinks that I intentionally gravitate toward anything strange.
	She specifically mentioned my preferred hair style (shaved very short), my asexuality, my veganism, and my not being a driver.
	When I confronted her with the fact that I couldn&apos;t have chosen to be asexual, she practically told me that I should at least be in the closet about it.
	When I confronted her with that but using my own blunt phrasing, she amended her stance to be that I should be in the closet about it except with people I know very well, as if it&apos;s something I should be ashamed of.
	She also claims that the reason I don&apos;t want to drive is out of fear.
	If I&apos;m afraid of driving, if it&apos;s not an environmental stance, then why am I vegan? Am I afraid of eating animal products too? She then tried to blame me for part of her own carbon footprint, claiming that if I was a driver and could have run her errands, hers would be smaller.
	Speaking of my veganism, she claims that it infringes on her right to have a family meal with her.
	However, it seems like she wants to infringe on my right not to consume animal products and not be involved in a meal that requires such consumption.
	When mentioning my hair, she seemed to think that I&apos;d seen my preferred haircut on other people and tried to use it myself, but that that haircut doesn&apos;t work on me because I&apos;m overweight.
	This is a huge change from her older stated stance, which is that the haircut doesn&apos;t look good at all.
	It&apos;s true, I&apos;m overweight and I need to work on that.
	But it&apos;s not true that I tried to copy that haircut from others.
	What happened is that she used to cut my hair, but she got too busy to cut it for a long time a while back.
	I finally got desperate and bought a trimmer.
	After using it on myself, I found I liked the haircut a lot better than my old one.
	I suppose that&apos;s of little consequence though.
	She also said that speaking with me is like speaking to a retarded person.
	In any case, she said that I should go live with my father on Sunday.
	I don&apos;t know how to reach him about this, seeing as his old email address has recently been presumably lost due to us ending our service with our old <abbr title="Internet service provider">ISP</abbr>.
	I was going try writing to my sister to get his email new address tonight.
	Once in Springfield, I&apos;d try to get my old job back, then work on getting an apartment and moving out.
	My mother said once I move in with him, she&apos;ll consider me a traitor and never want me to come back, though moving in with him at all is her idea.
	I feel devastated, though if I did manage to get my old job back, it might have been be a new ray of hope in my life.
	Here in Coos Bay, all I am is trapped.
</p>
<p>
	I might have needed to leave my server here in Coos Bay, so I did some light planning for such.
	It&apos;d be a shame, but if it came down to that, at least I&apos;d be ready.
	I&apos;d remotely wipe my onion keys from Springfield over <abbr title="Secure Shell">SSH</abbr>.
	After deleting the keys, I&apos;d probably try to find a way to wipe all the data on the machine securely.
	Whether I needed to leave the server behind or not, my onion addressed website would need to go down for a time.
	I wouldn&apos;t have another place to hook up the server until I found my own place to live.
	This also means that my <a href="/en/domains/sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion.xhtml">censorship-bypassing onion address</a> would need to come down.
	I wouldn&apos;t be able to help people anonymously access <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> networks that maliciously discriminate against <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users for a while.
</p>
<p>
	My mother left for a while to work at that carnival, but when she came back, it sounded like the carnival had actually been an auction.
	Or maybe there was an auction at the carnival? I wasn&apos;t going to take the risk of trying to understand the situation.
	She changed her story, and now seems to be more on the side of helping me get an apartment than having me move in with my father.
	That said, she seems to have decided to potentially not have me move out yet at all.
	This buys me more time, but I still need to get busy and find a job and move out.
	Staying here is not an option, this is in no way a healthy environment for me.
</p>
<p>
	I seem to be quite shaken up tonight.
	A friend had to fix several typographical errors in the latter half of this entry for me.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.1</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F11.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

