<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/15.xhtml"/>
		<title>I now know where the temp agency is &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/15.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/15.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/14.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/16.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I now know where the temp agency is</h1>
			<p>Day 00374: Tuesday, 2016 March 15</p>
		</header>
<p>
	Most of today was spent out and about in town searching for jobs.
	Before I went out, I applied for four jobs and found that three places were not hiring.
	While out on the street, I found twenty-four places that aren&apos;t hiring, I handed out twelve resumes, six places told me to apply online, I obtained nine usable job applications, and three places told me to try back at certain times.
	I also picked up four other job applications, but due to not noticing that these applications didn&apos;t have any mention of the business that they&apos;re from, they were wasted.
	Probably most importantly, I also learned where a temp agency is and I&apos;ll probably head that direction tomorrow.
	I&apos;m tired now though, and tomorrow will be tiring as well, so I&apos;ll likely wait until the weekend to fill out all these job applications.
	Additionally, I&apos;ll be sure to check the ones that I pick up tomorrow as I get them to be sure that they have the name of the business that I got them from, and if it&apos;s not there, I&apos;ll write it before I leave.
</p>
<p>
	When filling out job applications that ask for a telephone number, I provide the number of the telephone line I have set up exclusively for job seeking.
	However, resumes are somewhat free-form, so on principle, I didn&apos;t include any telephone numbers.
	After all, I despise the telephone number system.
	However, that could lead to me not getting hired in some cases.
	Some businesses are set up so backwards that they have telephone access but no computer access, which would lead to these potential employers having no choice but to silently ignore my resume.
	They couldn&apos;t contact me back even if they wanted to! While I was out though, I found a way to make adding a telephone number to my resume somewhat tolerable.
	When I got home, I changed the email address to a <code>mailto:</code> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> and added a <code>tel:</code> <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>.
	Don&apos;t get me wrong, telephone numbers are still idiotic, even in <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> form.
	Linking to a telephone number is as bad as linking directly to an <abbr title="Internet Protocol">IP</abbr> address instead of a domain.
	However, this at least keeps me pacified while still making sure that potential employers can call me if they are backwards enough to prefer telephones over email.
	Even if people don&apos;t recognize it as a <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>, it&apos;s pretty easy to visually decipher that it&apos;s a telephone number, and the &quot;tel:&quot; part will likely be mistaken as just an indication that it is such a number, which I suppose in a way, it is.
	This change came too late to help with the resumes that I handed out today though.
</p>
<p>
	I received more information from my dental health care provider about my plan via post.
	Speaking of my dental health care provider, I&apos;m not sure why I thought that they had a closer office than the one that they assigned me to.
	The nearby dental office belongs to an entirely different dental health care provider, and one that I already knew the name of and has a name that is drastically different from the name of my own provider.
	That means I won&apos;t be able to talk them into allowing me to get service from this closer office.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F15.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

