<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/17.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;m done with this &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/17.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/17.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/16.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/18.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;m done with this</h1>
			<p>Day 00376: <time>Thursday, 2016 March 17</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Someone writing on the <a href="https://github.com/curl/curl/issues/716"><abbr title="Client for URLs/Client URL Request Library/Curl URL Request Library">cURL</abbr> bug report page</a> is continuing to justify the stripping of the trailing dot from the <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> Host header.
	I thought that I was ready to just call <abbr title="Client for URLs/Client URL Request Library/Curl URL Request Library">cURL</abbr> a lost cause, and continue on my way, but this inability to get through to people that standards should be followed is still getting on my nerves.
	It has prompted me to start making preparations for once I have control of my own clearnet website again.
	I&apos;ve added this to the <code>&lt;VirtualHost/&gt;</code> that serves my non-onion websites:
</p>
<blockquote><pre><code>RewriteEngine On
RewriteCond %{HTTP_HOST} ^(.*[0-9a-z])$ [NC]
RewriteRule ^(.*)$ https://%1./ [R=301,L]</code></pre></blockquote>
<p>
	This host isn&apos;t reachable from the clearnet aside from on my local network, but tests show that it functions the way that I want it to.
	Screw non-conforming clients.
	This is personal.
	I also built a skeletal 400 page in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> that causes the server to send the desired pages to clients even if they send malformed <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> host names; the catch is that i intentionally didn&apos;t change the <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> response code.
	Web clients will still see a 400 error code.
	Some testing on my mother&apos;s machine shows that Internet Explorer refuses to display the page sent if a 400 error code is present, so Internet Explorer won&apos;t be able to see my website.
	I might elaborate on my 400 error page script to make it insert a warning into <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> files as well.
	That way viewers will see a message telling them that their Web browser is wonky and will be provided a link to a page detailing all the known Web clients with this issue and links to the bug reports.
	Then again, maybe I won&apos;t even use this 400 error script at all.
	Maybe I&apos;ll just let <a href="apt:apache2">Apache</a> do things the way it does by default, but provide a static 400 error page for it to send explaining the issue.
	Any client that erroneously strips the trailing dot off of the <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> Host header will cause itself to go into a redirect loop.
	I can&apos;t help that and it&apos;s not my job to try.
	I&apos;m done with this, at least for now.
</p>
<p>
	I&apos;ve modified the hyperlinks in the copyright sections of my pages on this site to point to the dotted version of my main domain, as well as the copyright section in the comments at the top, as both are in my main template.
	I&apos;ve left old hyperlinks in weblog entries alone for now, mostly because it will be a huge pain to go back and modify all of these links.
	I&apos;ll probably do it eventually though.
</p>
<p>
	I checked back with the place that told me to check back today, and there are no jobs available there.
	I&apos;ve also signed up with the temp agency.
	I found that they don&apos;t actually try to match employees with jobs.
	Instead, they offer job listings that registered users can apply for.
	I&apos;ve applied for three listed jobs.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F17.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

