<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/18.xhtml"/>
		<title>Domain research becomes URI research &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/18.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/18.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/17.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/19.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Domain research becomes <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</h1>
			<p>Day 00377: Friday, 2016 March 18</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I&apos;ve updated the links across my entire clearnet site, aside from the ones in the domain research section, to point to the trailing dot version of any <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> pointing to a resource hosted on a server that doesn&apos;t mind trailing dots in <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> Host headers.
	I&apos;ve also updated the internal relative links to use the full <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of the pages they link to, including the trailing dot.
	The reason that I&apos;m leaving the domain research section alone for now is that I don&apos;t want to put in the time needed to go through every link on those pages and test them all right now.
</p>
<p>
	Speaking of my domain research section, I set it up at a time when domains were the main focus of my extra-curricular research.
	However, I&apos;m now focusing more on <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	In truth though, for my use case, the main appeal of having done this domain name research is because domain names are used in so many <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	In that way, my old domain name research is really just a subset of my new <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research, so I&apos;ve moved my old domain pages to their new <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research locations.
	Because I&apos;m on an <a href="apt:nginx">NGINX</a> server that I don&apos;t have access to the configuration of, I can&apos;t set up redirects.
	NGINX doesn&apos;t have a system like <a href="apt:apache2">Apache</a>&apos;s <code>.htaccess</code> files.
	In truth though, once I&apos;m back on my own server, I wouldn&apos;t want the redirects in place anyway.
	I&apos;ve set up some pages at the old locations pointing to the new locations.
</p>
<p>
	The new <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research section is pretty broad.
	Anything remotely relating to <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s that I want to post will be there.
	I wrote up a new page about the <a href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/SNI_bug.xhtml"><abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> bug</a>, including links to all the known bug reports, most of which were filed by me.
	In the process, I ended up linking to the <a href="https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1008120">Mozilla bug report</a>.
	I took the opportunity to comment on it, as this bug report mentions a potential need to avoid stripping the dot off of the <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> Host header.
	I figured that it was best to include the <abbr title="Request for Comments">RFC</abbr> passage specifying that the dot should not be stripped in the Host header, just in case there wasn&apos;t enough support for keeping the dot.
	The <abbr title="Client for URLs/Client URL Request Library/Curl URL Request Library">cURL</abbr> people continue to claim that <a href="https://github.com/curl/curl/issues/716#issuecomment-198561936">their bug</a> is a feature, though, so I&apos;m losing on that front.
	I&apos;ve also written a short page on <a href="https://y.st./en/URI_research/limitations.xhtml">valid limitations</a> that sometimes apply, though these limitations don&apos;t apply to the <abbr title="Server Name Indication">SNI</abbr> bug.
</p>
<p>
	Very early in the day, I received an email asking me to come in for an interview with the temp agency.
	I thought that it meant that I had been chosen as a potential candidate for one of the jobs that I&apos;d applied for! However, it turns out that it was just an interview that they conduct with all new applicants with the agency.
	I&apos;m probably not any closer to actually being hired.
	However, while I was there, I did get a chance to ask about fees.
	I&apos;ve never used a temp agency before, and they have to make money somehow.
	I asked if I was to pay a fee when I get hired through them, but it turns out that the employer pays that fee, not the employee.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F18.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

