<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/20.xhtml"/>
		<title>I&apos;ve documented the bulk of include.d &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/20.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/20.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/19.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/21.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I&apos;ve documented the bulk of include.d</h1>
			<p>Day 00379: <time>Sunday, 2016 March 20</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	I started filling out job applications, but I quickly got distracted and started working on commenting my code instead.
	I also logged into the temp agency website and found that I&apos;ve been turned down for one job, one job is still pending, and consideration for the third job requires an interview and/or more paperwork.
	I wrote to the temp agency asking about how to set up the interview and/or get access to the paperwork.
</p>
<p>
	Seeing as I&apos;ve been unable to find any complete documentation of how to build templates for phpDocumentor, I decided that perhaps I should build my own parser for the syntax.
	My plan is to write up my comments, test them in the phpDocumentor, correct any errors generated, then actually generate the documentation in my own documentation generator.
	However, I&apos;ve run into a bit of stupidity in phpDocumentor.
	If the first thing in the file is the namespace declaration instead of a documentation comment, it throws an error.
	This is utter nonsense.
	I place my namespace declarations on the same line as the opening <code>&lt;?php</code> tag, and there shouldn&apos;t be a problem with that.
	The comments then begin on the second line.
	The namespace applies to the entire file, so in makes the most sense to include it with the opening <code>&lt;?php</code> tag as if it were an extension of it.
	For now, I&apos;ll move my namespace declarations to below the first comment section while checking the rest of the comments for errors, but I&apos;m not happy about it; it&apos;s ugly.
	I&apos;m not sure if I&apos;ll leave the namespace declaration there when I&apos;m done though.
	I might put it back where it belongs once I verify that that&apos;s the only &quot;error&quot; in each file&apos;s comments.
	On second thought, I&apos;ll continue to comply, but I&apos;ll write my disdain into the comments of every file in which I have to follow the stupid convention of commenting before namespacing.
	I&apos;ve gone through the list of <a href="https://manual.phpdoc.org./HTMLSmartyConverter/HandS/phpDocumentor/tutorial_tags.pkg.html">phpDocumentor</a> tags and written up a new template for files written for include.d.
	I&apos;ve also written up most of the documentation comments for function and constant files and some of the documentation for class files.
	I&apos;ve looked through the revision history to find the appropriate value for the @since tag in everything but class subcomponents; I&apos;ll look into the time that each of those was added as I document each class.
</p>
<p>
	My plan was to get back to job applications in the evening, but I ended up out collecting bullet shells with Vanessa, Cyrus, and our mother due to miscommunication on Cyrus&apos; part.
	When we got home, it was too late to finish with the applications, so I got back to work on documenting my code.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F20.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

