<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/23.xhtml"/>
		<title>Two conflicting sets of meta data &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/23.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/23.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/22.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/24.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Two conflicting sets of meta data</h1>
			<p>Day 00382: Wednesday, 2016 March 23</p>
		</header>
<p>
	I hadn&apos;t asked about it, but <a href="https://opalrwf4mzmlfmag.onion/">wowaname</a> said that I could add her contact information to my <a href="http://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion/">port forwarding service home page</a>.
	After clarifying that a link to her contact information on her website was a good way to do so, I added such a link.
	This should provide both the benefit of providing a way to reach her in case of problems and make it less likely that her contact information needs to be updated on my site.
	If she updates her contact information, she probably won&apos;t think to specifically notify me, and I certainly won&apos;t be watching that page for changes.
	I usually just ignore contact pages when I&apos;m not trying to reach people myself.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://www.joshwoodward.com./">Josh Woodward</a> says that he&apos;ll release <a href="https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/joshwoodward/josh-woodward-addressed-to-the-stars">Addressed to the Stars</a> in April, next month.
	He sent a link to an early copy to backers, though he only sent a link for the <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> copy, despite promising both an <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> copy and a <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> copy.
	I was mildly frustrated at first, but figured that he&apos;d send the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> copy at the time of release.
	He might not even have them uploaded yet.
	If he didn&apos;t send the link with the release announcement, I could just write to him asking about it and he&apos;d certainly send it.
	After a bit though, I decided to try a little <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> manipulation.
	Woodward&apos;s file names are pretty reasonable, so I managed to guess the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> of the <abbr title="Free Lossless Audio Codec">FLAC</abbr> files on the first try.
</p>
<p>
	As it turns out, we didn&apos;t go to Springfield today.
	We will likely go tomorrow though.
</p>
<p>
	I renamed all my music files in such a way that they contain the album artist, the album name and the track title in an effort to make future sorting easier.
	As I learn more about how music on my divice is sorted into albums, I keep having to dump all of my files into a single directory for resorting, and when file names overlap, it adds extra steps, as I have to rename files around these name clashes.
	However, this lead to a new discovery.
	I found that my mobile is failing to read the file meta data of Josh Woodward&apos;s <a href="http://www.joshwoodward.com./song/SpaceCamp">Space Camp</a>.
	It&apos;s also failing to read the track names and album name from one of the copies of <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/fragmentation">Fragmentation</a> that I got from <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy&apos;s <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a>.
	This anomaly allso seemed to only effect <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files, never Vorbis files.
	This is most significant because most of my library is in Vorbis files.
	If there was going to be a strange behavior like this and it wasn&apos;t specifically an issue with <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files, the majority of the problematic files would theoretically be Vorbis files, so this was probably an <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr>-specific problem.
	Once more, it was time to look into how Android determines information about tracks.
	I use Replicant, but it inherits all this sort of code from the main Android project.
	I asked about this on <a href="ircs://sbuk7aqcxkoyipwv.onion:49152/%23Android">#Android</a>, and GenteelBen told me about a type of meta data called <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/ID3#ID3v2">ID3v2</a>.
	While my laptop applications were able to music file meta data, they couldn&apos;t see if ID3v2 was specifically being used in the file.
	With some help from jthomas on <a href="ircs://irc.oftc.net.:6697/%23debian">#Debian</a>, I found <a href="apt:kid3-qt">Kid3</a>.
	This application reads music file meta data (among doing other things), and with it, I found something surprising and frustrating: several of the files had two sets of meta data.
	It seems that the state of having ID3v2 and the state of having <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org./wiki/ID3#ID3v1">ID3v1</a> meta data are not mutually exclusive, and as they are in fact two entirely separate sets of data, they can and sometimes do conflict.
	I can&apos;t seem to find any rhyme or reason for why Android chooses one set over the other for a given file.
	Android seems to be able to read either, but if both are present, I have no way to know which will be used.
	Furthermore, even when meta data is present, it doesn&apos;t seem to used by Android in the case of certain files.
	If I can figure out why Android is doing what it&apos;s doing, Kid3 has the option of renaming files.
	It will take more effort to use than <a href="apt:exfalso">Ex Falso</a> though, as Kid3 doesn&apos;t seem to be able to move files into directories like Ex Falso can.
	Instead, Ex Falso is only capable of renaming files in place.
</p>
<p>
	I tried to log into Patreon today, but much to my disgust, I found that they are now maliciously discriminating against all <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users.
	It used to be that they used a CloudFlare <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr> wall for requests coming from a few exit nodes, but now they seem to actively block all exit nodes with these ridiculous <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>s.
	There was some information that I really needed to retrieve though, so I sucked it up and eventually filled out the <abbr title="Completely Automated Public Turing test to tell Computers and Humans Apart">CAPTCHA</abbr>.
	Once past it though, I found that logging in has become impossible! I am a paying customer, they had better fix this.
	I can&apos;t find a good way to reach them though.
	I tried pinging their Twitter account, so we&apos;ll see if that goes anywhere.
	I suspect that they are intentionally blocking <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> users, even when we are legitimate users and pay our bills.
</p>
<p>
	I spent a good chunk of the day cleaning up around the house and didn&apos;t perform any job-hunt-related activities.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F23.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

