<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/24.xhtml"/>
		<title>Meta data understood &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/24.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/24.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/23.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/25.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Meta data understood</h1>
			<p>Day 00383: Thursday, 2016 March 24</p>
		</header>
<p>
	We spent most of the day in Springfield.
	I thought that our primary objective was to clean up around our former residence and perhaps host a garage sale, but this wasn&apos;t the case at all.
	The main goal of the trip was for our mother to see her favorite tax preparers, and the garage sale didn&apos;t happen at all.
	We did clean up while she was away though, and she joined us when she was done.
	It seems that she was missing some of the information that she needed though, so she&apos;ll have to come back later.
	My mother was also slightly peeved that I had already filed my taxes, claiming that I should have talked to her first.
	I think that I talked to her, but even if I didn&apos;t, her tax preparers said that she couldn&apos;t claim me as a dependent last year.
	As her issue this time is that she wanted to try to claim me as a dependent, it wouldn&apos;t have helped for me to wait.
	It was also partially due to her insisting that I wait last year that I ended up having to file an extension.
	Normally, I file my taxes in February, and if she&apos;s going to put it off until March or April, I&apos;m not going to let her drag me into that again.
</p>
<p>
	I finally found a pattern to Android&apos;s choice in which meta data to use.
	If ID3v1.1 is present, it will be used.
	If not, Android will fall back to ID3v2.* if available, provided that it isn&apos;t ID3v2.4.0.
	If no meta data is available or the only meta data available is from ID3v2.4.0, Android won&apos;t have any information.
	It should also be kept in mind that if ID3v1 is found and read, it doesn&apos;t need to be complete in order to prevent IDv2 from being read.
	For example, if ID3v2 specifies both an album and a title but ID3v1 only specifies a title, Android won&apos;t know what album the song is a part of and will use its regular methods of filling in the gaps.
	With this knowledge in hand, it seems that the album artist field isn&apos;t being used after all.
	The separation of albums of the same name seems to actually have been caused by one of the albums not having an album name in ID3v1, so Andorid thought that there was no album, but <a href="apt:exfalso">Ex Falso</a> was detecting the album title from the ID3v2 meta data.
	In fact, while Android seems to prefer the older meta data if present, Ex Falso prefers the newer meta data when present.
	Furthermore, it seems that the reason that this error only occurs in <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files because the Vorbis format isn&apos;t stupid enough to define two potential meta data sections.
	Without strange extra meta data, all that you have is consistency.
</p>
<p>
	My laptop&apos;s battery seems to be getting worse.
	I don&apos;t really have the money to invest in a new one, either.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F24.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

