<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/25.xhtml"/>
		<title>I was an idiot yesterday &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/25.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/25.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/24.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/26.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>I was an idiot yesterday</h1>
			<p>Day 00384: Friday, 2016 March 25</p>
		</header>
<p>
	My brother wanted <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./album/happy-parallel">Happy Parallel</a>, and being that I got it from my <a href="https://professorshyguy.bandcamp.com./merch/32gb-usb-30-drive-fragmentation-version">Professor Shyguy <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive</a>, it&apos;s not nicely zipped up and ready for uploading to my server for him to download.
	I mean, uploading would be easy, but downloading it over <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> would be a pain for him.
	To save him some effort, I tossed him my <abbr title="Universal Serial Bus">USB</abbr> drive for him to use.
	It&apos;s kept in both its protective case and the package that it was shipped in, so when he tossed it back without the protective case, I didn&apos;t even notice.
	Luckily, I needed a file name off of the thing and didn&apos;t want to pull out my bulky external hard drive.
	He searched for the case and gave it back, but this really makes me want to avoid lending him things that I actually care about.
	There&apos;s not a whole lot of physical objects that I hold dear, but this is one of them.
</p>
<p>
	Marc With a C seems to have a fan with cystic fibrosis that he wants to help out.
	She <a href="https://gofundme.com./3mnc7f5t">needs a double lung transplant</a> and is hospitalized every three months for at least two weeks.
	Her lungs are estimated to only be functioning at twenty percent of the capacity that they should.
	Ouch.
	Marc seems to be friends with a friend of this sick fan, so he&apos;s released an album called <a href="https://marcwithac.bandcamp.com./album/songs-for-aubree">Songs For Aubree</a>.
	The premise of this album is that Marc will donate all proceeds to help pay for her medical expenses and care.
	It took a while to get Bandcamp to quit trying to charge me <abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> (<abbr title="value-added tax">VAT</abbr> wouldn&apos;t have helped pay for expenses, it would have gone to help fund a foreign government) and to get PayPal to stop being a pain in the neck as usual, but I I put in my few dollars.
</p>
<p>
	It turns out that the album artist meta data is definitely being used to aid in the separation of albums by my mobile.
	I made a copy of some of the files and edited their meta data to check.
	While the inconsistent meta data reading had in fact been the cause of some album separations, some are in fact instead explained by the album artist tag.
	Furthermore, my statement yesterday about having found the pattern that determines which meta data will be used was made in a fit of stupidity.
	Two days ago, I saw that ID3v1 meta data was preferred in some files while ID3v2 meta data was preferred in others.
	This observation didn&apos;t suddenly become untrue, and today, I&apos;ve noticed it again.
	I&apos;m back to square zero as far as determining a cause of preference.
	However, I do now have <a href="apt:kid3-qt">Kid3</a>.
	I don&apos;t know how the meta data for use is chosen by Android, but I can rename the files using the correct meta data when I find that I guessed wrong on the first go.
	When I have time, I&apos;ll compile a set of <abbr title="MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III">MP3</abbr> files that behave differently and document how each one behaves.
	After putting together a license-and-credits file, it&apos;ll be perfectly legal for me to distribute it, as my entire music library is free.
	If anyone is interested in helping me understand this strange situation, they&apos;ll be able to download it from this onion website, and maybe from my clearnet site.
</p>
<p>
	I managed to find the separate support account for Patreon on Twitter.
	They don&apos;t seem to link to it themselves, you have to find it through other channels.
	After speaking with a representative a while and having them tell me what to try on my end, it became very clear what was going on, at least to me.
	There&apos;s a 403 error being thrown by one of their files.
	It&apos;s moronic that they use JavaScript to log in instead of a basic <abbr title="Hypertext Transfer Protocol">HTTP</abbr> POST form, but their external file, probably a JavaScript file, return an error message saying that I don&apos;t pass their access control check.
	The server serving that idiotic external login script is in fact discriminating against me for using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>! I am very angry.
	I did make sure to be very polite to the representative though, who seems to have no clue what&apos;s going on.
	He said that he&apos;s reached out to the engineering team, and thinks that the issue is a bug.
	I hope he&apos;s right and that it isn&apos;t as malicious as it looks to me.
	As a paying customer with no way to log in, they have my credit card information and I have no way to cancel or amend my subscription.
	That is not a valid business practice.
	This is new on their end, too.
	It&apos;s not like I signed up over the clearnet and later ran into this problem because I started using <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr>.
	Instead, as a <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> user, I registered and am now cut off.
</p>
<p>
	My mother asked if I wanted to pretend to be a victim again for another emergency rescue drill, but of course, I declined.
	She was peeved last time when I used my real name instead of the legal name that she gave me.
	I didn&apos;t want to fall for that trap again, and I won&apos;t operate under my legal name, which to me, is a fake name.
	For a bit, she tried to talk me into going, despite me being clearly uninterested, but then it turns out that she had already volunteered me without talking to me first.
	She thought that I&apos;d definitely want to go and that asking was just a formality.
	To avoid her having to look bad by canceling, I agreed to go.
	When she noticed me operating under my real name still though, I&apos;ll most likely explain that this was the real reason that I didn&apos;t want to go.
	I didn&apos;t want to cause her grief, but at the same time, I&apos;m not using the name that I don&apos;t identify as without just cause.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F25.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

