<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/27.xhtml"/>
		<title>Recording the past &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/27.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/27.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/26.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/28.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Recording the past</h1>
			<p>Day 00386: <time>Sunday, 2016 March 27</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	Discover wrote back saying that to get the information that I asked for, I needed to call some telephone number.
	I wrote to them again explaining that I don&apos;t have telephone service, but that if telephone service was required just to get basic information, that tells me that their service isn&apos;t right for me.
	They wrote back apologetic, but said that the information that I requested requires telephone service to access.
	I suppose they lost themselves a future customer then.
</p>
<p>
	<a href="https://ronsor.net/">Ronsor</a> came back yesterday.
</p>
<p>
	I applied for work at the business that sent me a letter yesterday.
	I also checked in with the temp agency and found that I&apos;ve been turned down for another job.
</p>
<p>
	I started work on my <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./doc_comment">documentation comment parser</a>.
	Mainly, I just set up the initial handler for a couple of command line arguments.
	Actual parsing functionality will be delegated to a second file after the main file verifies that all the needed data is present.
	It doesn&apos;t look like I&apos;m going to be needing to add to <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a> in order to complete it though.
	If I do need to add something, it probably won&apos;t be much.
	Speaking of include.d, I set up the new branch and began work on the Gopher-related changes.
	First, I cleaned up the main <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> class, as no forward-compatible child classes could be defined until that was done.
	I next cleaned up my old abstract class for <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s with a known scheme.
	I haven&apos;t put in any effort making sure that everything needed in that class is implemented, but I removed everything that shouldn&apos;t be there and documented the rest.
	Lastly, I set up an interface to implement for classes that define Gopher-indexable services.
	Only three classes should implement this interface, the three that are used for representing <code>gopher:</code>-, <code>telnet:</code>-, and <code>tn3270:</code>-scheme <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s.
	There&apos;s no way to lock down the interface like some built-in <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> interfaces are locked down, but even if there was, someone might find some useful way to implement it.
	It&apos;s a shame though that classes implementing this interface cannot be assumed to be child classes of the main <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> class.
	The problem with implementing this instead as an abstract class instead of an interface is that this is one of potentially many specialized <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> subgroups, and they may overlap.
	Furthermore, the fact that Gopher indexes can link to resources is only tangently-related to the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>s; this fact shouldn&apos;t be used to create a hierarchy, and an abstract class would do.
</p>
<p>
	My mother somehow got set off again today, this time saying that Cyrus needs to renounce our father soon; otherwise, she may boot him from her home.
	This is a classic case of one divorced parent trying to turn her children against the other, and she&apos;s been doing this for years.
	While she was telling him off, it came to her attention that he and I only have one light bulb in our bedroom, despite having three sockets.
	I explained to her that two of the sockets don&apos;t work and she was pissed off that we hadn&apos;t told her sooner.
	I reminded her that I had in fact told her when I had discovered it, but as usual, she insisted that I had never told her and was &quot;changing history&quot;.
	Thankfully, I had written about telling her in my weblog, and was able to look up the exact date in which I had told her: <a href="/en/weblog/2015/10-October/07.xhtml">2015-10-07</a>.
	She seemed frustrated with me and still couldn&apos;t remember, but mostly dropped it after that.
	What I&apos;ve learned from this is that I need to include information in my weblog on every potentially-important thing that I tell her just so I have recorded evidence.
</p>
<p>
	The other day when I thought that I had had the wrong dental office when I thought that there was one nearby, I was wrong.
	I think that I mixed up the names of my primary medical care provider and my dental care provider.
	I verified online that the local dental office is in fact owned by my dental care provider.
	I&apos;ll walk in tomorrow and ask about if I can swich which office that I have appointments at, as they currently want me to go to a distant office that would take all day to reach, while the office that I&apos;ll visit tomorrow is just down the street.
	On the topic of dental care, one of my teeth has been hurting lately.
	While brushing my teeth today, the pain sharply increased, and I can now see a large hole in it.
	Last time that I knew, I had some damage on that tooth, but no large holes; just a couple of grooves.
	My mother says it looks rotted out from the inside, so my best guess is that the grooves deepened, the inside rotted out, and while brushing my tooth tonight, the thin remaining outer layer broke off.
	She says that I&apos;m going to lose that tooth, and I don&apos;t doubt it.
</p>
<p>
	I managed to find my wallet today.
	I had been starting to panic about it.
	While I had been almost certain that I had brought it home at first, I was starting to doubt whether I had actually managed to get it home more and more.
	If I had dropped it while I was out, there was zero chance that I&apos;d be getting it back; I don&apos;t keep identifying documents in that wallet, only cash.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F27.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

