<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/30.xhtml"/>
		<title>Tor Project tee-shirt &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/30.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/30.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/29.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/31.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1><abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> Project tee-shirt</h1>
			<p>Day 00389: <time>Wednesday, 2016 March 30</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	The <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> Project sent me an email saying that I qualified for one of their <a href="https://www.torproject.org./getinvolved/tshirt.html">tee-shirts</a> for having run a fast <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay for two months! I didn&apos;t think that my connection was fast enough for that.
	I figured I wouldn&apos;t qualify without an exit, at least not on a consumer-grade connection.
	(Running an exit on certain ports cuts the speed needed to qualify in half.) It seemed to be an automated email.
	I&apos;ve written back with a desired shirt size and color, so we&apos;ll see how they respond.
</p>
<p>
	While filling out job applications online today, I ran across a <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> application that couldn&apos;t be filled out in a regular <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr>-viewing application.
	It simply didn&apos;t have the necessary fields.
	It&apos;s a major pain in the neck to open these forms in the <a href="apt:gimp"><abbr title="GNU Image Manipulation Program">GIMP</abbr></a>, add text, then try to get something printable out of it, so I looked into other options this time.
	What I found was <a href="apt:xournal">Xournal</a>, which allows you to type on or even draw on <abbr title="Portable Document Format">PDF</abbr> files, among other things.
	This is a very handy tool to have around.
</p>
<p>
	I managed to implement thirty-two bit signed integers using bigger signed integers.
	After the work done yesterday to try to repair my functions, only about three lines of code were needed to fix the string-to-integer function.
	The reverse function was already working.
	It was less of a pain than I thought and theoretically will provide consistent results across any platform in which <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> uses an integer size of at least thirty-two bits.
	Currently, I think that that&apos;s only thirty-two bit and sixty-four-bit platforms, but it should work in future one hundred twenty-eight bit platforms as well.
	Of course, if <abbr title="PHP: Hypertext Preprocessor">PHP</abbr> is running on some system that causes the integer size to be sixteen bits or something, my functions will fail, as they&apos;re trying to back more data into the integer than it can hold.
	Speaking of which, I wonder if there&apos;s a way that I could compress the data to store even more ...
	I&apos;ve implemented the new exception codes in the <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr>-related code, but I&apos;m going to hold off on implementing them in the rest of <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a>, as I may end up making other branches that focus on some of the other code later and I don&apos;t want to cause any Git conflicts.
	Ironically though, I&apos;m one file away from merging the Gopher branch.
	If I don&apos;t start focusing on other parts of the code, I&apos;ll be finished with this branch soon, but if I do start working on other things, it&apos;ll slow the completion of this branch and make it more likely that I&apos;ll be starting another branch.
	I&apos;ll probably start working on maintenance tasks such as that in this branch after I finish with this branch&apos;s goals, so I will be free to merge with master at any point that I need to.
	I&apos;ve also added the two most basic scheme-specific classes and fixed up the Gopher directory-parsing function to handle Gopher+ directories and delegate port normalization to the URI classes.
	I&apos;ve officially set up include.d&apos;s first <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d/releases">release</a> too, though this release is of the pre-Gopher-branch version of the master branch.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F30.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

