<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/31.xhtml"/>
		<title>Strange DNS server and IRC server issues &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2016/03-March/31.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/31.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2016/03-March/30.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2016/04-April/01.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Strange <abbr title="Domain Name System">DNS</abbr> server and <abbr title="Internet Relay Chat">IRC</abbr> server issues</h1>
			<p>Day 00390: <time>Thursday, 2016 March 31</time></p>
		</header>
<p>
	When I awoke today, I found that the power had gone out and come back up.
	It took my <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> relay down with it, and for some reason, <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> didn&apos;t come back up when the machine did.
	Looking into the issue, <code>irc.freenode.net</code> wasn&apos;t resolving, so <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> was claiming that the domain couldn&apos;t be parsed.
	Again, this had noting to do with parsing and everything to do with resolution.
	It&apos;d be nice if there was some sort of way to tell <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> to ignore certain addresses if they can&apos;t resolve instead of refusing to start at all, but even if that feature isn&apos;t added, <abbr title="The Onion Router">Tor</abbr> should be fixed to give an appropriate error message.
	In any case, my instance of <a href="apt:bind9">Bind9</a> was somehow failing to resolve <code>irc.freenode.net</code>.
	I have no idea what the problem was.
	The failed resolution message was distinct from a missing record response.
	While requests for <code>ircs.freenode.net</code> resulted in an NXDOMAIN response, requests for <code>irc.freenode.net</code> instead mentioned something about truncation.
	The problem hadn&apos;t resolved itself by the time that I went to bed, so I tried restarting Bind9.
	That fixed the issue right away.
	It&apos;s odd that that solution would have worked though.
	After all, I didn&apos;t notice the problem until right after the server had restarted, meaning that Bind9 had <strong>*just*</strong> restarted.
	If that didn&apos;t fix it, why did a second restart work? Speaking of unexplainable issues, the server losing power also took down <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr>.
	<abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> didn&apos;t come back up with the server as it was supposed to, so I assumed that there was some sort of configuration issue.
	Most likely, I had modified the configuration and forgotten to restart the software, so I didn&apos;t notice that the new configuration was bad until the whole machine restarted.
	However, that wasn&apos;t the case at all.
	Without making any configuration changes, simply telling the machine to start <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> back up worked.
	I&apos;m at a loss as to why it didn&apos;t bring <abbr title="Next Generation IRC Daemon">ngIRCd</abbr> back up of its own accord.
</p>
<p>
	Yesterday, I forgot to set up the parts on my known_scheme class that enforce the presence or lack of presence of <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> components based on whether a given scheme requires or disallows said components, so I set that up today.
	While dealing with that, I found that phpDocumentor is unable to parse files that reference values within a constant array.
	It&apos;s totally fine with such arrays being defined, but it acts up if you try to actually make use of the defined arrays.
	I ended up separating the class constant arrays into five separate class constants, which is probably a better design anyway.
	Constant arrays are most useful outside of classes, where there&apos;s nothing else to bind the values together.
	I also set up an exception code registry to make sure that I only use each exception code in one place.
	Using unique exception codes doesn&apos;t hurt and it could be useful for debugging.
	As sort of a way to document why <a href="https://git.vola7ileiax4ueow.onion/y.st./include.d">include.d</a> doesn&apos;t define an autoloading function, I added an implementation of <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/function.autoload.php"><code>\__autoload()</code></a> that checks for things that would prevent the <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/function.spl-autoload.php"><code>\spl_autoload()</code></a> from loading classes from include.d, fixes them, then makes sure that <code>\spl_autoload()</code> has been registered as an autoload function.
	It additionally calls <code>\spl_autoload()</code> or <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/function.spl-autoload-call.php"><code>\spl_autoload_call()</code></a> if necessary.
	Using default settings, aside from a modified path that includes include.d, calling <a href="https://secure.php.net./manual/en/function.spl-autoload-register.php"><code>\spl_autoload_register()</code></a> with no arguments is all that&apos;s necessary for setting up the default autoloader to load classes from include.d.
	I thought that I could finish with the <code>gopher:</code>-scheme <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> class today as well, but I ended up entirely scrapping the previous work that I&apos;d done on that class from when I first started building scheme-specific <abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> classes.
	I might end up scrapping my <code>https:</code>- and <code>http:</code>-scheme classes as well.
	I&apos;ve made major improvements to the parent classes, and the child classes might not be salvageable.
</p>
<p>
	While continuing with the job hunt today, I found a couple of oddities.
	First, the theater was closed, so I couldn&apos;t drop off that particular application.
	Why would they be closed during normal business hours? Even stranger though, I found that for a dog grooming position listed online, a year of dog grooming was required.
	However, for a position involving care of people, experience is only preferred, not required.
	So ...
	people are pickier about who grooms their dogs than who takes care of the elderly or otherwise incapacitated? If I were in need of care, I&apos;d find that a bit insulting.
	I wouldn&apos;t be demanding people with experience or anything, but it seems like the dogs are being given priority.
</p>
<p>
	My mother asked about when my dental appointment was, which I was really hoping that she wouldn&apos;t do.
	I had to admit that while I had tried to get an earlier appointment, it wasn&apos;t a possibility and my appointment was on May 23 as I had originally told her.
	She said that I shouldn&apos;t lie to the dentists and tell them that I&apos;m not in major pain.
	She said that it doesn&apos;t accomplish anything for me to try to tough out the pain.
	Okay, it seems that she doesn&apos;t actually thing that I killed my tooth after all, as she thinks that it&apos;s in excruciating pain.
	I&apos;m a bit less frustrated with her now though.
	She hadn&apos;t been trying to get me to recklessly lie to the dentists in an attempt to rush my care.
	Instead, she was just failing to listen, as always, and didn&apos;t realize that when I said that I&apos;m not in major pain, that it meant that I&apos;m not in major pain.
	In fact, unless I bump that spot on my face hard enough or I get something in the hole in my tooth, I can barely feel that there&apos;s a problem.
	It certainly isn&apos;t painful most of the time.
	I explained that to her, and she finds it strange that a hole that big doesn&apos;t hurt more, but she dropped the subject.
	When she drops things, she often doesn&apos;t drop them for long though, so I may not have heard the end of this.
</p>
<p>
	My mother says that she&apos;s taking a <abbr title="cardiopulmonary resuscitation">CPR</abbr> class soon, and offered to take me with her.
	I&apos;m reluctant to go into such a public setting with her, but I agreed to go.
	While the chances of knowing <abbr title="cardiopulmonary resuscitation">CPR</abbr> coming in handy are exceedingly small, the possibility of potentially saving even one life would be worth it.
	While the knowledge will be valuable, I&apos;m less interested in the certification that the course allegedly offers if it requires use of my legal name.
	Because my mother is a pain about me using my real name instead of my legal name, I think that my best bet is to leave my state-issued <abbr title="identification">ID</abbr> at home.
	Hopefully, it won&apos;t be needed, but if it is, leaving it behind prevents my legal identity from being tied to it.
	I&apos;m kind of hoping that the certifications don&apos;t come with names though.
	However, to be honest, the chances of that don&apos;t look good.
	The certificates that I see online do have a name field.
	This training will likely be this Sunday, but we don&apos;t have the exact date right now.
</p>
<p>
	I received a letter from Brad of <a href="http://www.bradsucks.net./">Brad Sucks</a>.
	Apparently, it&apos;s been about a year and a half since he&apos;s sent anything to people on his mailing list.
	In fact, I had forgotten that I was even on the guy&apos;s mailing list because he never sends anything.
	This is a guy that won&apos;t fill your inbox! Anyway, it seems that he&apos;s quit his non-music jobs and is focusing only on music now.
	It sounds like he&apos;s been hard at work on his next album, so that might be coming out at some point in the near future.
</p>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2016 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2016%2F03-March%2F31.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

