<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/09-September/08.xhtml"/>
		<title>Product misinformation &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/09-September/08.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/08.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/07.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/09.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Product misinformation</h1>
			<p>Day 00916: Friday, 2017 September 08</p>
		</header>
<section id="to-do">
	<h2>To-do list</h2>
	<ul>
		<li>
			<del>Acquire stuff for my new home:</del>
			<ul>
				<li>
					<del>A bed</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>A dustpan</del>
				</li>
				<li>
					<del>A carpet broom</del>
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Inform people that I&apos;ve moved
			<ul>
				<li>
					Relevant online accounts
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
		<li>
			Clean up my apartment
			<ul>
				<li>
					Clean up the kitchen
				</li>
			</ul>
		</li>
	</ul>
</section>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I found the hole in my inner tube, and it&apos;s not in the unpatchable place I thought it was.
		When I bought the bike, the valve stem on the back tire was crooked.
		The inner tube wasn&apos;t put in correctly.
		When the tire stopped holding air very well, I figured the valve stem&apos;d started tearing away from the rest of the tube.
		Not so much though; a simple hole is elsewhere.
		However, the inner tube is in horrid shape.
		I don&apos;t dare try to patch it.
		I&apos;m not sure how it happened, but parts of the tube are stretched out, resulting in thick spots when inflated, which no doubt are thin spots in the tube walls.
		Other spots remain thin, and ostensibly have thicker walls.
		The tire itself needed to be replaced as well.
		The back tire had no treads left, so it was only a matter of time before the rest of the tire wore through like on my previous bike.
		The front tire still has life left in it though.
		My old bike got stolen because I replaced the tires, making it look new.
		Because I replaced a tire on this bike, I&apos;ve now had to invest in an actual bike lock now too.
		Ugh.
		I&apos;m trying to save money, not spend it all ...
		That said, the bike lock came with an anti-theft cash guarantee, so it&apos;s sort of like insurance without the reoccurring fee.
		I just need to be sure to keep the packaging in my file cabinet forever, just in case my bike gets stolen again.
	</p>
	<p>
		... or so the package implied.
		It seems that to apply, you need to have the receipt from when you purchased the bicycle.
		Seriously!?
		I doubt most people keep their bike receipts!
		Additionally, the coverage only lasts for a year.
		Neither of these facts are mentioned on the lock&apos;s packaging, and at the very least, the fact that the coverage only lasts a year should be.
		Additionally, the lock came with a &quot;gratis key-replacement program&quot;, but online, you find only hte first key replacement is gratis.
		I was very tempted to return the lock and buy one made by a different company just on principle, but I don&apos;t have time for that nonsense.
		I&apos;m going to need to use the lock tomorrow, which means I&apos;ll have to remove the packaging; I can&apos;t simply return the lock when I have time.
	</p>
	<p>
		With the added stress yesterday, I forgot to mention that I now have a dustpan.
		After ... how many months?
		Seriously, I should&apos;ve found the time to buy one quite a while ago.
		The mother of the on-site manager gave this one to me.
		She keeps asking me if I need anything, such as plates and utensils, and usually I tell her I&apos;m fine.
		But this time, I mentioned my lack of dustpan.
		It looks like I also forgot to cross the bed off my list of things to get, and I&apos;ve given up on the carpet broom for now.
		As I&apos;m only looking for them second hand, and they don&apos;t seem to be overly popular, it&apos;ll take some time to get one.
	</p>
	<p>
		Cyrus stopped by for a visit.
		He was late again, as I thought he might be, but not as late as last time.
		Still, had I known for sure he&apos;d be late, I&apos;d&apos;ve been able to get a full night&apos;s sleep, run to the store for the inner tube and tire this morning, and still have time to get back home before he did.
		It&apos;s not a huge deal, but I&apos;m complaining anyway because I&apos;m tired, and thus a bit irritable.
		It was still good seeing him.
	</p>
	<p>
		I found a couple new quirks in the new system at work.
		These two expose some of just how inconsistent the system imposed on us by corporate really is.
		These inconsistencies caused several orders today to get messed up until I could find the pattern and work around it.
		I guess I won&apos;t go into details, as it&apos;s technically privileged information and the details aren&apos;t that important anyway, but the new system&apos;s seriously a mess.
		If corporate were up to anything good, they wouldn&apos;t&apos;ve forced this on us.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="dreams">
	<h2>Dream journal</h2>
	<p>
		I dreamed that one of my (ostensibly) feminine coworkers mentioned how she used to be a man.
		In the dream, it made me think she was a transwoman.
		I don&apos;t know why I&apos;d dream that, but whatever.
		I guess I have all sorts of strange thoughts running through my head at times.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F09-September%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F09-September%2F08.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

