<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/09-September/09.xhtml"/>
		<title>Morbid cutting board &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/09-September/09.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/coursework/">Coursework</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/09.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/memories">Memories</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/08.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/10.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Morbid cutting board</h1>
			<p>Day 00917: <time>Saturday, 2017 September 09</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		The new bike lock functioned terribly at first. After locking it to my bike, I couldn&apos;t <strong>*unlock*</strong> it.
		The key turned, but not fully.
		I tried forcing it to turn, but the plastic top of the key nearly broke.
		I went and got the second key, which has a stronger top but no built-in light, and that key wouldn&apos;t turn fully either.
		Eventually, after a few dozen tries to force the lock, as I had no idea what else to try, I got it open.
		At first, only the stronger key seemed to work, and it still required more pressure than it should and wouldn&apos;t always work at all, but eventually both keys worked without any difficulty.
		I was going to try returning it, but now there doesn&apos;t seem to be an issue.
		As much as I&apos;d like to be rid of that lock, I&apos;d have nothing to demonstrate to the customer service representative when I try to explain why I&apos;m trying to return a lock that&apos;s been used.
	</p>
	<p>
		As expected, the shoe giveaway was a waste of time.
		My feet are large, so I have trouble finding second-hand shoes, be they at such a giveaway or at a second-hand store.
		My feet aren&apos;t ridiculously huge or anything, and if I were to shop in a regular department store, I could easily find my size.
		However, there just aren&apos;t that many people of my size giving up their shoes.
		Well, I guess it wasn&apos;t a <strong>*total*</strong> waste of time.
		Now, when asked, I can honestly tell my neighbour I did go.
	</p>
	<p>
		Once I got home, I started looking through the freezer to figure out what to cook.
		I grabbed the dry beans in there (my mother&apos;s always had moth problems, so to avoid this at my place, I keep even my dry goods in my refrigerator or freezer, unless they&apos;re canned or otherwise incredibly well sealed), but saw they&apos;ve got a recipe on their label.
		I might as well try it, but I&apos;ll need to pick up some other ingredients first.
		Instead, I chose to make soup from some frozen veggie sausages one of my bosses gave me recently.
		This is the first time I&apos;ve had to cut something that hard since I moved here.
		My mother gave me a small cutting board pair around the time I got here, but it&apos;s been sitting new in the package until today.
		I usually cut veggies in my hand, but with the sausage, I thought I&apos;d hurt myself.
		The small, red cutting board has the image of a tomato on the edge.
		That&apos;s kind of cool.
		The large, cyan one has the image of a severed chicken head on it though.
		That&apos;s kind of morbid.
		Now that I&apos;ve had time to settle in, I&apos;ve remembered the existence of the cutting boards, and they&apos;ve been depackaged, I&apos;ll probably make use of them a lot more often.
		As an herbivore though, I&apos;m not too worried about cross contamination for health reasons.
		And as I usually boil up everything I&apos;ve cut up together into the same soup, I&apos;m not too concerned with cross contamination for flavour reasons either.
		I&apos;m not often going to need two cutting boards, so the tomato cutting board&apos;s going to be seeing a lot more use than the severed chicken head one.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F09-September%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F09-September%2F09.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

