<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
                                                                                     
 h       t     t                ::       /     /                     t             / 
 h       t     t                ::      //    //                     t            // 
 h     ttttt ttttt ppppp sssss         //    //  y   y       sssss ttttt         //  
 hhhh    t     t   p   p s            //    //   y   y       s       t          //   
 h  hh   t     t   ppppp sssss       //    //    yyyyy       sssss   t         //    
 h   h   t     t   p         s  ::   /     /         y  ..       s   t    ..   /     
 h   h   t     t   p     sssss  ::   /     /     yyyyy  ..   sssss   t    ..   /     
                                                                                     
	<https://y.st./>
	Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst <mailto:copyright@y.st>

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org./licenses/>.
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<base href="https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/09-September/14.xhtml"/>
		<title>Securing my sanctuary &lt;https://y.st./en/weblog/2017/09-September/14.xhtml&gt;</title>
		<link rel="icon" type="image/png" href="/link/CC_BY-SA_4.0/y.st./icon.png"/>
		<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="/link/main.css"/>
		<script type="text/javascript" src="/script/javascript.js"/>
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width"/>
	</head>
	<body>
<nav>
	<p>
		<a href="/en/">Home</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/about.xhtml">About</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/contact.xhtml">Contact</a> |
		<a href="/a/canary.txt">Canary</a> |
		<a href="/en/URI_research/"><abbr title="Uniform Resource Identifier">URI</abbr> research</a> |
		<a href="/en/opinion/">Opinions</a> |
		<a href="/en/take-down/">Take-down requests</a> |
		<a href="/en/law/">Law</a> |
		<a href="/en/recipe/">Recipes</a> |
		<a href="/en/a/links.xhtml">Links</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/14.xhtml.asc">{this page}.asc</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Weblog index:
		<a href="/en/weblog/"><abbr title="American Standard Code for Information Interchange">ASCII</abbr> calendars</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_ascending.xhtml">Ascending list</a> |
		<a href="/en/weblog/index_ol_descending.xhtml">Descending list</a>
	</p>
	<hr/>
	<p>
		Jump to entry:
		<a href="/en/weblog/2015/03-March/07.xhtml">&lt;&lt;First</a>
		<a rel="prev" href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/13.xhtml">&lt;Previous</a>
		<a rel="next" href="/en/weblog/2017/09-September/15.xhtml">Next&gt;</a>
		<a href="/en/weblog/latest.xhtml">Latest&gt;&gt;</a>
			</p>
			<hr/>
</nav>
		<header>
			<h1>Securing my sanctuary</h1>
			<p>Day 00922: <time>Thursday, 2017 September 14</time></p>
		</header>
<section id="general">
	<h2>General news</h2>
	<p>
		I was planning to tell my mother to stay out of my bedroom this time.
		I won&apos;t be here to protect my bedroom (as she&apos;s requested a key to my place and can come and go while I&apos;m at work), and I don&apos;t want her trying to store her stuff in the one room I want kept to myself.
		I found a better way though.
		A way I can feel safer and send a very clear message at the same time.
		I&apos;m going to replace the doorknob with one that locks.
		One with a different key than my front door (not that I&apos;d be able to match the two locks to the same key even if I wanted to).
		She <strong>*will*</strong> stay out.
		My second request of her was and will be that she not store any dry goods here.
		If I have to, I&apos;ll explain how she infested my place with moths, but I&apos;d rather just leave it at &quot;don&apos;t bring that stuff in here&quot;.
		I thought I might not be able to get a lockable doorknob complete with key second-hand in such short notice though.
		I thought I might have to buy a new one.
		The parent of the on-site manager saw me as I headed out though, and asked if I was headed to work.
		I said I needed to hit up the second hand shop, then I&apos;d head to work.
		They asked what I was looking for, and oops, I told them I was looking for shorts for work and a doorknob.
		She asked what was wrong with my current doorknob, so I explained about my mother moving, wanting to store boxes at my place, and not being able to accept she can&apos;t store stuff in my bedroom.
		I said I needed a way to lock her out of my bedroom without locking her out of my apartment.
		I thought my plan would end there.
		I wasn&apos;t sure I was actually <strong>*allowed*</strong> to install a lock.
		However, they actually gave me a locking doorknob that they already had.
		Sweet!
		That save me time and money, and I now no longer have to hide what I was doing.
		However ... when I tried to install it, I ran into issues.
		First, I hadn&apos;t noticed that non-locking doorknobs have less of plate on the latching mechanism.
		To get a locking doorknob on this door, I&apos;ll need to chisel away some of the wood, permanently altering the door.
		That&apos;s stepping into a real grey to black area, as it&apos;s not my door to alter.
		I need to feel safe though.
		Second, the latching mechanism won&apos;t even come out.I think someone wood glues the thing in, and I can&apos;t break it loose.
		Even if I decided to go ahead with this plan, I don&apos;t have the means.
		I&apos;m going to need to <strong>*replace the whole door*</strong>.
		These surprise expenses are really eating at my tiny budget.
		I guess I&apos;ll go to Bring Recycling tomorrow and look for a door.
		Ugh.
		Who am I kidding?
		This door&apos;s an unusual size.
		In fact, every door in the apartment is a differing width; no two doors here are alike!
		I won&apos;t find a door that fits this doorway.
		I need to find a way to get the latching mechanism out.
	</p>
	<p>
		The on-site manager&apos;s parent gave me the doorknob knowing full well what I planned to do with it.
		I think that counts as implicit permission to install it, right?
		I talked to a friend today too, and they said apartment managers don&apos;t usually mind modifications of their buildings as long as they&apos;re upgrades.
		And adding the ability to lock the door is definitely an upgrade.
		If it&apos;s something the next tenant isn&apos;t interested in, they can simply not use that particular feature of the door.
		That same friend recommended I not even give my mother a key to my apartment in the first place though.
		I might take that advice.
		And if I don&apos;t, and my mother asks about my locked bedroom, I&apos;ll certainly mention that my friend advised against letting her in at all, let alone let them into the entire apartment without so much as a single place to myself.
	</p>
	<p>
		My <a href="/a/canary.txt">canary</a> still sings the tune of freedom and transparency.
	</p>
</section>
<section id="university">
	<h2>University life</h2>
	<p>
		This week&apos;s <span title="Web Programming 1">CS 2205</span> work is severely disappointing.
		For starters, last week&apos;s learning journal assignment was similar to some past learning journal assignments in it&apos;s open-ended-ness.
		Past open-ended learning journal assignments have repeated for the duration of the course, so I falsely assumed this one would too.
		Not so much.
		There&apos;s no learning journal assignment at all this week.
		Second, we&apos;re required to use a specific Web service to build a five-page website.
		This service doesn&apos;t even allow access to the <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> of the pages you build, instead requiring you to use a graphical Web editor.
		Ew.
		You have to start off with a template they provide, then attempt to tweak it the way you want it using their interface.
		In addition to the ugliness and inflexibility, I also fear the copyright issues associated with their templates and what action they might take if they found out I was archiving a copy of the site I build with their service on my own site.
		Thankfully, I found a completely-blank template they have.
		I can start mostly from scratch.
		Then before I archive it, I can strip any comments in the code that would claim they own my creation (if I&apos;m starting with a blank page and using none of their images or text, they shouldn&apos;t be claiming my website anyway), then clean up the <abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> which will no doubt not meet strict validation standards.
		It&apos;s an imperfect solution, but it&apos;ll work.
		I think.
	</p>
</section>
		<hr/>
		<p>
			Copyright © 2017 Alex Yst;
			You may modify and/or redistribute this document under the terms of the <a rel="license" href="/license/gpl-3.0-standalone.xhtml"><abbr title="GNU&apos;s Not Unix">GNU</abbr> <abbr title="General Public License version Three or later">GPLv3+</abbr></a>.
			If for some reason you would prefer to modify and/or distribute this document under other free copyleft terms, please ask me via email.
			My address is in the source comments near the top of this document.
			This license also applies to embedded content such as images.
			For more information on that, see <a href="/en/a/licensing.xhtml">licensing</a>.
		</p>
		<p>
			<abbr title="World Wide Web Consortium">W3C</abbr> standards are important.
			This document conforms to the <a href="https://validator.w3.org./nu/?doc=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F09-September%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Extensible Hypertext Markup Language">XHTML</abbr> 5.2</a> specification and uses style sheets that conform to the <a href="http://jigsaw.w3.org./css-validator/validator?uri=https%3A%2F%2Fy.st.%2Fen%2Fweblog%2F2017%2F09-September%2F14.xhtml"><abbr title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</abbr>3</a> specification.
		</p>
	</body>
</html>

